

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001062993-17-004593
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		100
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20171031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20171031
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			American Lorain CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001117057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				870430320
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34449
		FILM NUMBER:		171164633
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86) 539-7317959
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BEIHUAN ROAD
		STREET 2:		JUNAN COUNTY
		CITY:			SHANDONG
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			276600
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070806
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	American Lorain CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MILLENNIUM QUEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000622









   

   







 D.C.
20549 


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
December 31
 2016


SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

____________




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)
      

    
    
Junan County
Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600

(Registrant&#146;s
telephone number
 including area code) 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Name of each exchange on which registered
      

Common Stock
 par value $0.001 per share

NYSE American


Act:

seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 


file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 





reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. 


electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).



accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 smaller
reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &#147;large
accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;smaller reporting company
&#148; and
&#147;emerging growth company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    



 indicate by check mark if the
registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to
Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ &nbsp;] 

company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 


held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter were 19
259
570 and $7
318
636.6
respectively. 

274
490 shares of common stock outstanding as of
September 29
 2017. 

registrant's Proxy Statement related to its 2017 Annual Stockholders' Meeting to
be filed subsequently are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Except as expressly incorporated by reference
 the
registrant's Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be part of the report. 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
    



      1. 


      


      



      1A. 


      FACTORS 


      



      1B. 


      STAFF COMMENTS 


      



      2. 


      


      



      3. 


      PROCEEDINGS 


      



      4. 


      SAFETY DISCLOSURES 


      

    
    
    



      5. 


      FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
      PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 


      



      6. 


      FINANCIAL DATA 


      



      7. 


      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
      


      



      7A. 


      AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 


      



      8. 


      STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 


      



      9. 


      IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
      DISCLOSURE 


      



      9A 


      AND PROCEDURES. 


      



      9B. 


      INFORMATION 


      

    
    
    



      10. 


      EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 


      



      11. 


      COMPENSATION 


      



      12. 


      OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
      STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 


      



      13. 


      RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 


      



      14. 


      ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 


      

    
    
    



      15. 


      AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 


      




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


&#148; &#147;us&#148; and &#147;our&#148; refer to ALN
 and except where the
      context requires otherwise
 our wholly-owned and majority-owned direct and
      indirect operating subsidiaries. 

    
    


 a Nevada
      corporation (formerly known as Millennium Quest
 Inc.). 

    
    


 a limited liability company
      organized under the laws of France that is majority- owned by Junan
      Hongrun. 

    
    


 Inc.
 a
      Cayman Islands company that is wholly - owned by ALN. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Ltd. 

    
    


      Co.
 Ltd. 

    
    


 the legal currency of China.
      

    
    


 &#147;$&#148; and &#147;US$&#148; refer to the legal currency
      of the United States. 

    
    


      (excluding Hong Kong and Macau). 

meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 including
 without limitation
 statements
regarding our expectations
 beliefs
 intentions or future strategies that are
signified by the words &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;anticipate
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;believe
&#148; or similar
language. All forward-looking statements included in this document are based on
information available to us on the date hereof
 and we assume no obligation to
update any such forward-looking statements. Our business and financial
performance are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties. Actual results
could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements.
In evaluating our business
 you should carefully consider the information set
forth under the heading &#147;Risk Factors.&#148; Readers are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements. 







in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

      

    
    


 or RTC
      foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods; and 

    
    

      

sold in Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries and
regions such as Japan
 South Korea and Europe. We derive most of our revenues
from sales in China
 Japan and South Korea. In 2017
 our primary strategy is to
continue building our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing
efforts towards supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and significant customers
 enhancing
the cooperation with other manufacturers and factories and enhancing the
turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In
addition
 we are working to develop new products and new sales channels. We currently have limited sales and marketing activity in the United
States
 although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities
there. 


  2015. The Company recognizes revenue  upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon  departure from the Company&rsquo;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
  contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the  receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage  and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven  days
 the Company&rsquo;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged  and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the  Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously  recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has rectified this error and the  impact of the Company&rsquo;s financial position and result of operations

 2016
 the Company entered into a Share Exchange
Agreement with Shengrong Environmental Protection Holding Company Limited
 a
business company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with limited
liability (&#147;Shengrong&#148;)
 and each of Shengrong&#146;s shareholders (collectively
 the
&#147;Sellers&#148;)
 pursuant to which
 among other things and subject to the terms and
conditions contained therein
 the Company agreed to effect an acquisition of
Shengrong and its subsidiaries
 including Hubei Shengrong Environmental
Protection Energy-Saving and Technology Co. Ltd.
 a registered company in Hubei
China by acquiring from the Sellers all outstanding equity interests of
Shengrong. However
 such agreement was terminated and abandoned in June 2017.


approximately $79.2 million
 or approximately 46.05%
 in 2016. The reasons for
the decrease in revenues in China decreased are: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      to our factory in Junan Hongrun according to a new city zoning plan
 so
      that Shandong Lorain&#146;s land can be used for other urban use. Shandong
      Lorain started this relocation process in July 2016 and finished this
      process in December 2016. During the relocation process
 we were unable to
      produce our products with full capacity. As a result
 the revenue from
      sales of chestnuts food products by Shandong Lorain was $30.4 million and
      $54.3 million in 2016 and in 2015
 respectively
 decreasing by
      approximately 44%. 

    
    


      increased prices of chestnut in Luotian
 Hubei
 our main chestnut supply
      region
 because of flooding. As a result
 the sales revenue of Luotian
      Lorain was deceased by 44.9% in 2016. 

investigation with respect to the origin of canned chestnuts sold by Conserverie
Minerve (&#147;Minerve&#148;
 a former subsidiary of Athena) issued Centre Technique
Conservation of Produits Agricoles (&#147;CTCPA&#148;)
 an industry trade association for
canned
 preserved and dehydrated food products in France. CTCPA stated that only
chestnuts based on the European or Japanese cultivars can be used in canned
chestnut products sold in France according to CTCPA policies and that canned
chestnut products must also have received certification from the International
Featured Standards (&#147;IFS&#148;)
 a qualified third party certification agency in
Europe that certifies food products
 especially for retail industry. 





 our exports have decreased
substantially due to weak demand in the international market. Revenue from sales
in international markets decreased by approximately $29.1 million
 or
approximately 67.12% . We mainly relied on Athena
 our French subsidiary
 to
sell our products in European market. But since we suffered a significant loss
from the result of investigation of CTCPA during 2015 and 2016
 we decided to
shut down the operation of Athena. As a result
 the export amount of chestnuts
to Europe markets decreased markedly by 95.40% in 2016. 

approximately 65.0% in 2016 due to increasing market competition. Since 2015
more competitors entered the convenience food industry that develop more types
of products. Our current products have not met customers&#146; demand in the most
recent year due to our failure to invest in research and development. In
addition
 we have faced significant competition from Chinese online ordering
platforms since 2015
 which platforms offer convenient and efficient meals
directly from restaurants. In addition
 Dongguan Lorain ceased operations in
October 2016 due to its high cost of environmental compliance
 the overlap
of products and market with Luotian Lorain
 both of which focus on the southern
market of China
 and poor performance of sales revenue. 

10.9% compared with that in 2015. The decrease is mainly due to the fact that
the sales amount declined
 because of the relocation of Shandong Lorain
 one of
our frozen food producing and sales company
 discussed above. 

$35.1 million
 or 620.0%
 to $ 40.8 million in 2016 from $5.7 million in 2015.
The increase mainly due to the bad debt including $35
590
795 unrecovered trade
receivables and other receivables that management determined cannot be
recovered
 which accounted for 87.2% of total general and administrative
expenses in 2016
 respectively. In 2016
 the credit terms for many of our
domestic customers was between 30 and 60 days; international customers are
typically extended 90 days credit. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such
payments. Many of our direct clients
 such as supermarkets and restaurants
 did
not make payments promptly due to poor sales. In addition
 third party
distributors&#146; ability to collect accounts receivable was worsened due to the bad
sales performance and such distributors&#146; inability to collect receivables from
their own clients. Other receivables that become bad debt include (i) raw
materials we paid for but the suppliers did not provide the raw materials
ordered by us and refused to refund the advance payment
 or we did not agree on
the quality of the raw materials and (ii) advance payments made by our
procurement department for raw materials
 and such salesmen left the company
before we could confirm that the goods had been warehoused. Most of the
aforementioned receivables were incurred after 2014
 and under accounting
principles we determined that 2016 was a suitable time to increase the ratio of
provision for bad debts exceeding half a year to 50% and to 100% for over one
year.


4
 1986 and was formerly known as &#147;Millennium Quest
 Inc.&#148; Effective November
12
 2009
 ALN reincorporated in Nevada from Delaware. 

subsidiaries
 Luotian Lorain and Junan Hongrun
 directly. Junan Hongrun
 in
turn
 owns 100% and 51% of Dongguan Lorain and Athena respectively. In addition
together with Junan Hongrun
 ILH wholly owns Beijing Lorain
 Shandong Greenpia
and owns approximately 80% of Shandong Lorain (Shandong Economic Development
Investment Co. Ltd. owns approximately 20%). We sometimes refer to our six
Chinese operating subsidiaries and the Athena Group throughout this annual
report on Form 10-K as the Lorain Group Companies. Below is an organizational
chart of ALN
 ILH and the Lorain Group Companies: 





Athena is a holding company which holds  majority of the
capital and the voting shares of Conserverie Minerve
 a company organized under
French law. Conserverie Minerve specializes in the processing and sale of
chestnut and prepared foods products in Europe. Conserverie Minerve operates its
businesses through the following
 direct and indirect
 wholly owned
subsidiaries: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 a company organized under French law;
  

    
    


 a real estate company organized under French
      law; 

    
    


 a real estate company organized under
      French law; and 

    
    


 a company organized under Portuguese law.
  

 2015
 Athena approved the merger of its wholly owned
subsidiary Conserverie Minerve into Athena. Athena assumed all contracts
rights
 assets and liabilities of Conserverie Minerve after the merger. Athena
was a holding company with no operations and its only asset was the equity of
Conserverie Minerve. On August 8
 2015
 the merger was completed. In April 2016
Athena ceased operations as discussed above.




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 

    
    


 and 

    
    

      

 including 1 new product in
frozen food products. We also discontinued 25 products in 2016 in the
convenience a foods products. 






China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 18 years. We produced 60 high
value-added processed chestnut products in 2016. In 2016 and 2015
 this segment
contributed 57% and 53.6% of our total revenues
 respectively. 

chestnuts. The majority of our chestnut products are natural and do not contain
chemical additives. 

 in contrast to many other tree nuts
 contains
small quantities of oil and is very high in complex carbohydrates. This makes
them useful for a wider food range than other common nuts. Chestnuts are
commonly steamed
 boiled
 sugar stir-fried
 roasted or added into dishes or
desserts as an ingredient. 

products. We differentiate our chestnut products based on production process
high quality raw materials inputs
 flavor
 size and method of packaging. For
instance
 some of our chestnut products that are sold in Japan are packaged in
plastic bags or tin cans
 each considered a different product. Similarly
 some
of our chestnut products are processed with hot water or cold water
 each
considered a different product. 

purchase and produce raw chestnuts during these months and store them in our
refrigerated storage facilities throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase
order during the rest of the year
 we remove the chestnuts from storage
 process
them and ship them within one day of production. 




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 or RTC
 food products
 

    
    


 or RTE
 food products
 and
  

customers for safe
 wholesome and tasty foods that are easily prepared. 

Typically
 when preparing a RTC
 customers need only to heat the food in a
microwave or boil it for several minutes before eating. Our best-selling RTCs in
2016 were French fries. 

in 2016 were various bean products and various fried vegetables. 

2015
 this segment contributed 20.3% and 25.3%
 respectively
 of our total
revenues. 


 mostly frozen vegetables
and frozen fruits. We produced 62 frozen food products in 2016. Our best-selling
frozen food products in 2016 was sweet corn products. 

production seasonality of chestnut products and to increase the utilization rate
of our production capacity. Through our sales network
 we are seeking to further
penetrate into domestic and overseas market for our frozen food segment as it
may not only raise our spare production capacity without additional heavy
capital investment
 but also boost our brand equity as we are selected to be the
provider for international fast food giants. The frozen foods accounted for in
our total revenue increased from 21.0% in 2016 to 22.7% in 2015. Gross margins
in this segment are lower than the margins for chestnut products and convenience
foods. 







China
 two of which are located in Junan County
 Shandong Province
 one in
Luotian County
 Hubei Province
 and one in Miyun County
 Beijing. As described
above
 in 2016
 we ceased operations in France
 Dongguang and Shandong. 

commenced at each of the facilities and the size of the facilities. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    


lines. Except Chinese doughnuts production lines
 each production line is used
to produce between 10 and 50 products. We currently run four types of product
lines: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 which are used to freeze raw
      materials for year-round production and to produce frozen food; 

    
    


 which are used to produce canned products
      including chestnut products; 

    
    


 which are used for producing RTCs
      and RTEs
 all of which have nitrogen preservation capacity; and 

    
    


 which are used to produce
      Chinese doughnut products. 

involves sorting and cleaning the raw chestnuts purchased during the chestnut
season. We then store the raw chestnuts in our refrigerated storage facilities
throughout the year. Once we obtain a purchase order
 we remove the chestnuts
from storage and process them by steaming
 decladding and deep-freezing the
chestnuts
 depending on the particular product. We then package and ship the
processed chestnuts within one day of production. 

involves various steps
 including soaking
 boiling
 coating
 drying
 deep
freezing
 packing
 sealing and sterilizing. 

lines
 the types of products produced and the production capacity at each
facility: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

      

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

      

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

 
 beans
 bean


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


000 tons of
      production capacity Chinese doughnut lines with 2000 tons production
      capacity 24
900 tons of cold and frozen storage 


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

 

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


000 tons of
      production capacity 4
650 tons of cold and frozen storage 


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

 
 frozen


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


000 tons of
      production capacity 6
500 tons of cold and frozen storage 


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

 

    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-LEFT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid


000 tons of
      production capacity 1
500 tons of cold and frozen storage
  





completed in December 2016
 to Junan Hongrun due to the local government land
seizures requirement. 

facilities to take advantage of efficiencies in the transportation of required
raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and Shandong Lorain
 which manufacture
primarily chestnut and frozen products
 are located in Shandong Province
 which
is China&#146;s largest supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is
also a major chestnut producing region. 

meet the standards and requirements of our largest customers in South Korea and
Japan
 with Japan being our top overseas markets in value term. 

various certifications for many of our products
 packages and processes
including ISO 9000 or ISO 9001 certification for certain of our chestnut and
frozen vegetable products
 BRC certification for certain of our frozen fruit and
vegetable products and HACCP certification for certain of our frozen vegetable
fruit and chestnut products and our bottom-open chestnuts. We believe that our
quality controls and standards of products distinguish us from other
manufacturers in both domestic and international markets. 

 we operate our production lines year
round. In the past
 when our production was focused almost exclusively on
chestnuts
 we experienced seasonal underutilization of our product lines.
However
 our current facilities have multiple-function designs allowing us to
use our production lines for our convenience and frozen products when we are not
producing chestnuts at full capacity. Consequently
 as we have increased our
processed and convenience food offerings over the last several years
 we have
generally been able to run our production lines at increasing efficiency. 

of production. We anticipate
 however
 that we may require additional facilities
and/or product lines as our business grows. We are exploring the possibility of
alliances with one or more OEM partners for the production
 in the short-term
of some of our convenience food products and frozen products should our
facilities be inadequate to meet increasing demand. We are also exploring the
possibility of leasing additional production lines to expand our production
capacity. We did not lease any production facility during 2016. We may decide to
lease additional facilities in 2017
 should circumstances require and subject to
acceptable costing. In the long-term
 we plan to increase our own production
capacity by acquiring or building new facilities
 subject to the availability of
adequate sources of funding. 


element of our business. Our raw materials and partially finished products need
to be preserved in frozen storages (-18&#186;C to -20&#186;C) or constant temperature
storages (-5&#186;C to 5&#186;C). Storage is particularly critical for our chestnut
products because chestnuts are a seasonal fruit. 

the type and capacity of our storage resources: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

100 

    
    
    

300 

    
    
    

850 

    
    
    

800 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

000 

    
    
    

500 

    
    
    

050 

completed in December 2016
 to Junan Hongrun due to the local government land
seizures requirement. 

not add to our storage capacity during 2016. 






supply ourselves with a small portion of chestnut
 fruit and vegetable products.
For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the supplies coming from agricultural
operations is still a low proportion of the total. We believe that we will
continue to develop more agricultural facilities in the long-term. We anticipate
that self-grown agricultural products and agricultural products grown in
cooperation with local farmers will enable us to assure adequacy of supply
promote quality and reduce cost
 particularly for our high margin offerings. For
example
 by growing Korean cultivar chestnuts domestically
 we expect to
significantly reduce our supply costs for this premium product
 while ensuring
superior quality. 

products are shown in the following table. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    


 Japanese



    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

most vegetables and fruits
 chestnut trees have a 3-5 year growing phase before
they can be harvested. Our current chestnut planting base has been
self-supplying limited quantities of chestnuts to our production since 2007. In
the end of 2016
 we leased two woods in Junan County Shandong Province
 China to
plant more chestnuts trees
 which we expect will expand the production of our
self-supplied chestnuts in a near future. However
 there is no guarantee that we
will be successful in that regard. 

apricots
 pears and blackberries in 2009 in Beijing. We use these fruits in some
of our frozen fruit products. 

the next a few years. Among other things
 we plan to increase our
self-production in China of Korean cultivar chestnuts. We expect to obtain
funding for this expansion through a combination of commercial and government
loans
 including loans under Chinese government programs to promote agricultural
industrialization. There is no assurance
 however
 that adequate funding for
these purposes will be available to us. 


 approximately 78% and 85% of our procured raw
materials
 respectively
 consisted of agricultural products
 including primarily
chestnuts and vegetables
 approximately 7% and 6%
 respectively
 consisted of
packaging materials and approximately 15% and 9% consisted of condiments such as
sugar
 salt and flour. 


agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 red meat
 fish
 eggs
rice and flour. Because of the diversity of available sources of these raw
materials
 we believe that our raw materials are currently in adequate supply
and will continue to be so in the future. 





domestic procurement (excluding self-supply)
 overseas markets
 and self-supply.
Domestic and overseas procurement accounted for 91% and 6.8%
 respectively
 of
our total raw material costs in 2016
 while self-supply accounted for 2.2% . We
obtained substantially all of our agricultural raw materials from domestic
sources during 2016. 

 respectively
 we procured approximately
31
892 and 44
383 metric tons of chestnuts and approximately 32
487 and 53
106
metric tons of vegetables and other raw materials from a number of third party
suppliers
 domestic and overseas
 and produced approximately 438 and 568 metric
tons of chestnuts and other products from our own agricultural operations. 

typically rely on numerous domestic and international suppliers
 including some
with whom we have a long-term relationship. Our top 10 suppliers accounted for
13.4% and 13.6% of the total procurement in 2015 and 2016 in value terms
respectively. We purchase from suppliers and farmers pursuant to supply
contracts and underlying purchase orders. We have not entered into any long-term
contracts with any of our suppliers. 

companies
 agricultural associations and distributors. Some raw materials must
be imported at higher costs
 however. Occasionally
 we also work directly with
farmers. For instance
 we operate an initiative which involves a series of
cooperation and lease agreements between Shandong Lorain
 Beijing Lorain and
local farmers. This initiative involves approximately 1
000 acres of land which
is used primarily to produce Japanese and Korean style chestnuts
 sticky corn
and pumpkins for our operations. 


 we have built our facilities near
domestic sources of agricultural raw materials. For example
 Junan Hongrun and
Shandong Lorain are located in Shandong Province
 which is China&#146;s largest
supplier of fresh products by volume. Shandong Province is also a major chestnut
producing region. Local procurement reduces our costs
 especially transportation
costs. It also gives us first-hand harvest and market information
 which
provides us with an advantage in price negotiations with suppliers. 

discussed
 we have begun to develop our agricultural capabilities in order to
control costs
 particularly with respect to imported raw materials such as
Korean-style chestnuts. 

factors
 such as weather conditions and commodity market fluctuations
 which are
beyond our control. We obtain contemporaneous information on local harvests and
collect daily reported price information on harvests in other markets from which
we procure our products. We also attempt to predict harvest yields in advance
based on our information gathering. We use this harvest information to negotiate
best pricing with our suppliers. 

season
 our internal procurement function personnel may visit our sources of
supply to assure that the products we are purchasing comply with our standards.



exported to foreign countries and regions such as Japan and South Korea. In 2015
and 2016
 approximately 80.1% and 82.1%
 respectively of our sales were made
domestically in China and approximately 19.9% and 17.9% were to international
customers
 primarily Japan and South Korea. Our top ten customers contributed
12.3% and 12.1% of our total revenues in 2015 and 2016 respectively. 


 we sell our products through our own sales team and
through third-party distributors. We have 26 sales offices in 31 provinces in
China. In 2015 and 2016
 we sold approximately 60.0% and 72.6%
 respectively
 of
our products directly to our Chinese and overseas customers and approximately
40.0% and 27.4% through third-party distributors. In view of a significant
decline in our sales volume in 2016
 we decided to cut spending. By comparison
the performance of our third-party distributors is far from expected
 and our
direct-selling business is the main source of revenue. In addition
 due to the
low demand of the market
 the third-party distributors need less the products
which result that our relationship not as close as the previous years
 leading
to the increase of bad debts. Therefore
 we decided to reduce the proportion of
third-party distributors and enhance our own sales team. 





including Beijing
 Shanghai
 Tianjin and Guangzhou. Our sales team sells our
products directly to supermarket chains
 mass merchandisers
 large wholesalers
and others in these markets. In second-tier and third-tier cities
 we currently
sell our products to third-party distributors
 such as food companies or trading
companies with established distribution channels in such regions
 rather than
through our own sales team
 in order to enable us to penetrate such markets more
quickly without spending significant capital. We also sell to small customers
through independent sales representatives. 

distributors provide that we are responsible for transportation costs and the
distributors are responsible for storage costs. Furthermore
 the distributors
have the right to return products that fail to satisfy specified quality
standards
 at our cost. The majority of such contracts require the distributors
to pay us in cash in full upon delivery
 and the remaining contracts provide for
short-term credit
 usually two to three weeks. In addition
 we typically offer
distributors performance-based incentives
 such as a cash bonus equal to 1% to
1.5% of total revenues generated by such distributor which exceed previously
established sales targets. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 primarily Japan
 South Korea and Malaysia
      but also Singapore
 Philippines
 and Australia; 

    
    


 primarily France and Portugal
 but also Belgium;
      

    
    


 primarily Israel; 

    
    


 including the United States
  

 sales in Europe decreased by 95.4% in 2016 as a
result of a bad sales performance in France and Portugal and the shutdown of
Athena Group. Sales in Asia countries also decreased by 19.2% due to weak demand
in Asia countries. 

export and trading agents and companies in China
 as well as our own sales team
located in China and Japan. Our sales team sells directly to wholesalers
 food
processors and mass merchandisers. Many of our customers are well known in their
local food market. We have established long-term relationships with many
international customers
 especially in Japan and South Korea. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


    

    
    


  

    
    

      

    
    


      exhibitions and trade conferences. 

advertising in the past
 and our advertising budget continues to be limited. In
2016 our marketing and branding efforts included supermarket advertising and
internet advertising. 

given the consumer nature for many of our products. For the near future
 our
marketing efforts will continue to focus primarily on the domestic Chinese
Japan and South Korea markets for our chestnut and convenience food products.



 both globally and in China.
We do not have a significant market share in any of our business segments. 


uniqueness of our products
 quality
 price and brand recognition. We also
utilize our proprietary
 patented and patent-pending technology in the
production of our chestnut products to our competitive advantage. 





Our principal competitors in the chestnut product market are currently Hebei
Liyuan
 a Chinese company
 and Foodwell Corporation
 a South Korean company and
Concept Fruit
 a European company. 


mostly upon quality and product variety. We attempt to use our modern food
processing technology
 such as nitrogen preservation
 to produce a wide variety
of high quality convenience foods. 

we do not face competitive pressure from any particular competitor or small
group of competitors. 


 competition is based
primarily upon quality
 ability to provide a reliable product supply and
customer relationships. 

are currently Beijing Liliangzi Food Co. Ltd.
 Hangzhou Dadi Food Co. Ltd. and
Tianjin Jinkaili Food Co. Ltd.
 all of which are located in China. 


both domestically and internationally. 

China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 18 years. Our customers are willing
to pay a premium for some of our chestnut products because of our brand equity.
In addition
 we believe that we have a strong distribution channel for our
products in the markets in which we currently operate. 

greater selection and a more reliable supply than many of our competitors
 which
is especially important for our supermarket chain and large wholesaler
customers. We produced 60 chestnut products in 2016. We believe that we are the
only provider of certain bottom-open chestnut and sweetheart chestnut products
in China. 

companies. We believe that we have a lower labor cost structure and a more
abundant labor supply than many of our international competitors. 

seek to locate our production facilities in close proximity to our main domestic
sources of raw material supply to reduce transportation costs and give us
first-hand knowledge of market factors affecting our cost of raw material
supply. Our agricultural self-supply program
 while modest at present
 is
expected to grow and to become a significant element of our cost containment
efforts. 

formulation and manufacturing processes to create high quality products.
Nitrogen preservation in particular
 used in the production of convenience
foods
 is an innovative technology which has not been widely applied in China.


2016
 we were successfully granted 4 new patents. We applied for three patents
to State Intellectual Property Office of the PRC during 2015. In addition
 As of
December 31
 2016
 we possessed 16 patents for utility models and 15 patents for
appearance design. See &#147;Intellectual Property&#148; below. We believe that our
technology gives us an advantage over our Chinese and international competitors
allowing us to produce chestnut and convenience food products that are superior
in quality and to offer more product varieties. 

competitiveness. We maintain high food safety standards
 in order to satisfy
both domestic and international requirements. We also regularly conduct tests
for quality of our products and compliance with standards. 






We have registered in the PRC the trademark

      src=form10kx14x1.jpg



Office of the PRC during 2012
 including the preparation of aerated snack beans
and frozen bottom open chestnuts. One patent for preparation of liquor preserved
fish and soup was approved in 2013. In 2014
 our patent application during 2012
for the preservation
 storage and processing procedures for chestnuts was
approved. We made application for three patents to State Intellectual Property
Office of the PRC during 2015. 

 we also possess 16
patents for utility models and 15 patents for appearance design. 

and trade secrets
 such as limiting disclosure of proprietary plans
 methods and
other similar information on a need-to-know basis and requiring employees with
access to our proprietary technology to enter into confidentiality arrangements.
We believe that our proprietary technology and trade secrets are adequately
protected. 


 2016
 we had a total of 1
425 employees.
Approximately 1
075 of our full-time employees are directly employed by our
subsidiary companies and the remaining employees are employed by outsourcing
agents that we use to meet our staffing needs. Compared to 2015
 the total
employees decreased by 54.8% due to our significant production capacity
declining and bad operating performance. All of the departments were hit as a
result of huge loss
 especially the production department and domestic sales
department
 because (a) all the part-time employees belong to production
department. Since our revenue from main business decreased significantly
 we
dismissed almost all of part-time workers
 approximately 1
500 workers in 2016.
(b) we shut down 12 sales offices in 2016 to reduce the personnel and
administrative expenses. As required by Chinese law
 all employees are party to
a written employment contract. We compensate the employees outsourced from
agents directly and pay agents a service fee. Agents are responsible for the
pension and social insurance benefits of the leased employees
 as described
below. 

both direct and leased
 by job function. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    

425 

employees is good. We have not experienced any significant problems or
disruption to our operations due to labor disputes
 nor have we experienced any
difficulties in recruitment and retention of experienced staff. 

department for the purpose of advancing employee welfare
 encouraging employee
participation in decision making and enhancing relations among employees and
between employees and our management team. 

(piece work) and compensate other employees with a base salary and bonus based
on performance. We also provide training for our staffs from time to time to
enhance their technical and product knowledge
 including knowledge of industry
quality standards. 





types of social insurance organized by municipal and provincial governments.
Outsourcing agents are responsible for contributions on behalf of the leased
employees. 


objectives: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

      

    
    

      

    
    


      

facilities. In total
 32 employees are dedicated to research and development.


modification and development of our products. We also utilize customer feedback
to assist us in the development of new products. In 2016
 we added 1 new product
in our frozen foods segments. 

during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was not a material portion of
our total expenses for those years. 


 we are
subject to regulations of China&#146;s Agricultural Ministry and Ministry of Health.
This regulatory scheme governs the manufacture (including composition and
ingredients)
 labeling
 packaging and safety of food. It also regulates
manufacturing practices
 including quality assurance programs
 for foods through
its current manufacturing practice regulations
 and specifies the standards of
identity for certain foods. 

products that requires the approval under regulations
 including chestnuts
frozen vegetables and fruits
 fish
 and canned products. Production of new
products that do not fall into categories of products would require separate
approval from the appropriate Chinese authorities. We have consistently obtained
such approvals for our newly developed products in the past and do not
anticipate any difficulties in obtaining new approvals in the future if needed.


 we are required to obtain governmental approval
and to register with the State Administration for Industry and Commerce
 in
order to open a new facility in China. We have consistently obtained such
approvals
 and made such registrations
 for our new facilities in the past and
do not anticipate any difficulties in filing new registrations and obtaining new
approvals in the future if needed. 

unless an exporter&#146;s products are exempted from inspection
 products must be
inspected in accordance with the Law of the PRC on Import and Export Commodity
Inspection. We have not been exempted from inspection. In the past
 we were
authorized by the relevant authorities to conduct self-inspection of certain of
our export products. However
 currently
 the relevant authorities have imposed
tighter food safety control in China
 and as a result
 all of our exported food
products must be inspected by relevant government agencies. We believe that all
of our exported products are currently in compliance with such requirements and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in complying with such rules in the
future. 

 we are required to obtain a license from the local
branch of the Entry-Exit Inspection and Quarantine Bureau of China for our
exported products. We have consistently obtained such licenses in the past and
we do not anticipate any difficulties in obtaining such licenses in the future.




We may be forced to delisting from NYSE Exchange if we
are failure to satisfy a continued listing rule or standard. 

 2017
 we received a letter from NYSE MKT LLC (the &ldquo;Exchange&rdquo;) stating  that the Exchange has determined that we are not in compliance with Sections  134 and 1101 of the NYSE MKT Company Guide (the &ldquo;Company Guide&rdquo;) due to we are  failure to timely file with the SEC its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year  ended December 31
 2016. The letter also states that the failure to timely file  its Annual Report on Form 10-K is a material violation of its listing agreement  with the Exchange and
 therefore
 pursuant to Section 1003(d) of the Company  Guide
 the Exchange is authorized to suspend and
 unless prompt corrective  action is taken
 remove the Company&rsquo;s securities from the Exchange. The  Exchange has informed us that
 in order to maintain its listing on the  Exchange
 we must
 by May 18
 2017
 submit a plan of compliance (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;)  advising the Exchange of actions it has taken or will take to regain compliance  with Sections 134 and 1101 of the Company Guide by October 18
 2017 (the &ldquo;Plan  Period&rdquo;). The Plan was submitted and accepted by the Exchange
 allowing us to  be able to continue listing during the Plan Period. However
 based on recent  discussions with the Exchange
 the  Exchange staff may initiate delisting proceedings. Because we have not filed  all of our required SEC reports as of the close of the Plan Period
 among other  concerns.




Our operating results may have been material adverse  effected during the year ended December 31
 2015 due to the restatement of  prior financial statements

 2015. We recognize revenue upon  shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon  departure from our facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms  dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods  at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify us. If  we are not contacted within those seven days
 our obligation to the customer  are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the  timing of these seven days
 we believe that certain sales transactions have  been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. We have  rectified this error and the impact of our financial position and result of  operations during the year ended December 31
 2015
 which may result in  material adverse effect.


 2016
 we incurred a substantial loss of  $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2016
 we had a working capital deficit of  approximately $21
271
226. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to  whether we may continue as a going concern. To improve our solvency
 we are  working to obtain new working capital through private placements of our common  stock or convertible debt securities to qualified investors. But we cannot  assure the financing succeed.
We may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of high
quality raw materials. 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2016
 the cost of our raw
materials decreased from $143
226
607 to $85
249
363
 a decrease of
approximately 40.48% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of
raw materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects. 
The prices that we have paid for our raw materials
recently have experienced significant fluctuation. If these price fluctuations
continue
 our profit margins may be materially adversely affected. 

and 2016 was approximately $1
600 per metric ton and $1
765 per metric ton
respectively
 excluding value added taxes. We do not currently hedge against
changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if the costs of our raw
materials increase further
 and we are unable to offset these increases by
raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and financial condition
could be adversely affected. 
Price inflation in China could affect our results of
operation if we are unable to pass along raw material price increases to our
customers. 

years. Because we purchase raw materials from suppliers in China
 price
inflation directly causes an increase in the cost of our raw materials. Price
inflation could affect our results of operation if we are unable to pass along
raw material price increases to customers. In addition
 if inflationary trends
continue in China
 China could lose its competitive advantage as a low-cost
manufacturing venue
 which could in turn lessen some of the competitive
advantages of our being based in China. Accordingly
 inflation in China may
weaken our competitiveness domestically or in international markets. 
Our sales and reputation may be affected by product
liability claims
 litigation or
 product recalls in relation to our products.


risk of injury to consumers. We face risks associated with product liability
claims
 litigation
 or product recalls
 if our products cause injury or become
adulterated or misbranded. Our products are subject to product tampering and
contamination
 such as mold
 bacteria
 insects
 shell fragments and off-flavor
contamination
 during any of the procurement
 production
 transportation and
storage processes. If any of our products were to be tampered with
 or become
tainted in any of these respects
 and we were unable to detect this
 our
products could be subject to product liability claims or product recalls. Our
ability to sell products could be reduced if certain pesticides
 herbicides or
other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of our
raw materials or if our raw materials have been contaminated by other agents.






have experienced product liability claims that were made by our customers. The
amounts of such claims were immaterial. However
 claims of product defect or
product liability for material amounts
 individually or in the aggregate
 may be
made in the future. 

insurance policy for our business
 as the insurance industry in China is still
in an early stage of development. To the extent that we suffer a loss of a type
which would normally be covered by product liability or general liability
insurance in the United States
 we would incur significant expenses in defending
any action against us and in paying any claims that result from a settlement or
judgment against us. Product liability claims and product recalls could have a
material adverse effect on the demand for our products and on our business
goodwill and reputation. Adverse publicity could result in a loss of consumer
confidence in our products. 
Our expansion strategy may not prove successful and could
adversely affect our existing business. 

operations
 including new production lines and agricultural operations. We plan
to expand our sales in China and internationally. We will need to engage in
various forms of promotional and marketing activities in order to further
develop the branding of our products and to increase our market share in new and
existing markets. The implementation of this strategy may involve large
transactions and present financial
 managerial and operational challenges. We
could also experience financial or other setbacks if any of our growth
strategies incur problems of which we are not presently aware. If we fail to
generate sufficient sales in new markets or increase our sales in existing
markets
 we may not be able to recover the production
 distribution
 promotional
and marketing expenses
 as well as administrative costs we have incurred in
developing such markets. 
Our results of operations could be affected by natural
events in the locations in which our customers operate. 

subject to natural disasters
 such as severe weather and geological events
which could disrupt the operations of those customers and suppliers as well as
our operations. If our customers suffer from these events
 their operations may
be negatively impacted. As a result
 some or all of those customers may reduce
their orders for our products
 which could adversely affect our revenue and
results of operations. 
The acquisition of other businesses could pose risks to
our profitability. 

proposed acquisition could result in accounting charges
 potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities
 and increased debt and contingent liabilities
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our existing business and
the market price of our common stock. Acquisitions
 in general
 entail many
risks
 including risks relating to the failed integration of the acquired
operations
 diversion of management&#146;s attention
 and the potential loss of key
employees of the acquired organizations. We may be unable to successfully
integrate businesses or the personnel of any business that might be acquired in
the future
 and our failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our
business and on the market price of our common stock. 
A significant amount of our revenues is dependent on a
limited number of customers and the loss of any one of our major customers could
materially and adversely affect our growth and our revenues. 

derived from a limited number of customers
 particularly in our chestnut
products segment. Sales to our ten largest customers accounted for approximately
12.3% and 12.1% of our total revenues in 2015 and 2016
 respectively. The loss
of any one of these customers
 or a material decrease in purchases by any one of
these customers
 could adversely impact our revenues. 
We rely primarily on distributors to sell our products.
Any delays in delivery or poor handling by our distributors or third-party
transport operators may affect our sales and damage our reputation. 

 we sold our products through over 130 distribution
service providers. The services provided could be suspended and could cause
interruption to the supply of our products to domestic or overseas customers.
Delivery disruptions may occur for various reasons beyond our control
 including
poor handling by service providers or third party transport operators
transportation bottlenecks
 natural disasters and labor strikes
 and could lead
to delayed
 damaged or lost deliveries. If our products are not delivered in a
timely manner
 our reputation could be harmed. If our products are damaged in
the process of being delivered
 we may be liable to pay for such damages
incurred. 




Failure of the market to accept our new products
 or
failure to obtain regulatory approval for our new products
 may cause us to lose
our competitive position in the food industry.

 6 new products in 2013
 3
new products in 2014
 6 new products in 2015 and 1 new product in 2016. We plan
to introduce approximately 5 new products in 2017. The success of the new
products we introduce depends on our ability to anticipate the tastes and
dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their
preferences. We intend to introduce new products as well as alternative flavors
sizes and packaging for our existing products. We may not be able to gain market
acceptance for our new products. Consumer preferences change
 and any new
products that we introduce may fail to meet the particular tastes or
requirements of consumers
 or may be unable to replace their existing
preferences. Our failure to anticipate
 identify or react to these particular
tastes or changes could result in reduced demand for our products
 which could
in turn cause us to be unable to recover our development
 production and
marketing costs. 
We are dependent on certain key personnel and loss of
these key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our research and
development
 operations and revenue. 

 our
chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Chen
 together with other senior
management
 has been a key driver of our strategy and has been fundamental to
our achievements to date. The successful management of our business is
 to a
considerable extent
 dependent on the services of Mr. Chen and other senior
management. We compete for qualified personnel with other food processing
companies
 food retailers and research institutions. Consequently
 we may either
lose key employees to our competitors or we may need to significantly increase
the compensation of such employees in order to retain them. The loss of the
services of any key management employee or failure to recruit a suitable or
comparable replacement could have a significant impact upon our ability to
manage our business effectively
 and our business and future growth may be
adversely affected. 
We face increasing competition from domestic and foreign
companies. 

compete against other national and international enterprises is
 to a
significant extent
 dependent on our ability to distinguish our products from
those of our competitors by providing large volumes of high quality products
that appeal to consumers&#146; tastes and preferences at reasonable prices. Some of
our competitors have been in business longer than we have and are more
established. Our competitors may provide products comparable or superior to
those we provide or adapt more quickly than we do to evolving industry trends or
changing market requirements. Increased competition may result in price
reductions
 higher raw materials prices
 reduced margins and loss of market
share
 any of which could materially adversely affect our profit margins. 
An increase in the cost of energy could affect our
profitability.

 we might experience
significant increases in energy costs in the future
 which would result in
higher distribution
 freight and other operating costs. Our future operating
expenses and margins will be dependent on our ability to manage the impact of
cost increases. 
Our products are subject to counterfeiting or imitation
which could impact our reputation. 

 we have experienced limited counterfeiting and
imitation of our products. However
 counterfeiting or imitation of our products
may occur in the future and we may not be able to detect it and deal with it
effectively. Any occurrence of counterfeiting or imitation could impact
negatively upon our reputation
 particularly if the counterfeit or imitation
products cause sickness
 or injury to consumers. In addition
 counterfeit or
imitation products could result in our need to incur costs with respect to the
detection or prosecution of such activities. 
We may face challenges in expanding our cross-border
operations 

into existing and other markets
 we will face risks associated with expanding
into markets in which we have limited or no experience. The expansion of our
cross-border business will also expose us to risks relating to staffing and
managing cross-border operations
 tariffs and other trade barriers
 differing
and potentially adverse tax consequences
 increased and conflicting regulatory
compliance requirements and policies
 lack of acceptance of our products
challenges caused by distance
 language and cultural differences
 exchange rate
risk and political instability. Accordingly
 any efforts we make to expand our
cross-border operations may not be successful
 which could limit our ability to
grow our revenue
 net income and profitability. 




We may have liquidity risk in relating to the decrease of
cash flow and the bad debt loss. 

At December 31
 2016 and 2015
 cash and cash equivalents (including restricted
cash) were $1.4 million and $25.5 million
 respectively. The decrease of cash
and cash equivalents (including restricted cash) are by $18.7 million
 or by
36.5% due to the bad debt loss. If we cannot increase the quantity of our
products sales
 we may not be available to manage cash flow. 
We may no longer be able to compete in Europe and have
suffered significant losses in China. 

We suffered from the investigation with respect to the origin of canned
chestnuts sold by Conserverie Minerve (&#147;Minerve&#148;
 a former subsidiary of Athena)
issued Centre Technique Conservation of Produits Agricoles (&#147;CTCPA&#148;)
 an
industry trade association for canned
 preserved and dehydrated food products in
France. CTCPA stated that only chestnuts based on the European or Japanese
cultivars can be used in canned chestnut products sold in France according to
CTCPA policies and that canned chestnut products must also have received
certification from the International Featured Standards (&#147;IFS&#148;)
 a qualified
third party certification agency in Europe that certifies food products
especially for retail industry. Although
 a proceeding from local court provided
Minerve (now Athena) protection from creditors initiating any actions against
Athena until March 2016
 Athena still cost a lot to recycle market products
 seal
the finished products
 and thousands of tons of chestnuts during 2016. 

46.05% in 2016 and we may lose our Europe market due to the termination of our
French company
 our competition advantage has been greatly weakened. 
Chinese chestnut sales declined due to natural hazard and
fierce market competition. 

decreased due to competition from the market and the raw material expense
increased. In 2016
 Luotian
 Hubei
 our main chestnuts supply area
 has been hit
by flooding
 cutting chestnuts production by about 50% and the purchase price
increased by 20% to 30%. As in previous years
 the annual chestnuts output was
40
000 tons in Luotian
 accounted for 8% of the Chinese chestnut production.
About 50% chestnuts in Luotian supplied to Luotian market to further processing
and about 20% of which supplied to Wuhan market. But
 due to the rise in price
in 2016
 less than 20% will be supplied to Luotian market. However
 other main
chestnuts producing area in China were harvest in China which result in a much
lower price compared with that in Luotian. Our chestnuts purchased in Luotian
much increased by 20% and the sales revenue in Luotian Lorain was deceased by
44.9 % in 2016. 

We are subject to extensive regulations by the Chinese
government. 

Chinese government agencies. Among other things
 these regulations govern the
manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 exportation
distribution and labeling of our products. New or amended statutes and
regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities
 and our expansion
into new operations and jurisdictions may require us to obtain new licenses and
permits and could require us to change our methods of operations at costs that
could be substantial. 
Our failure to comply with PRC environmental laws may
require us to incur significant costs. 

environmental protection laws and regulations. These laws and regulations
require enterprises engaged in manufacturing and construction that may cause
environmental waste to adopt effective measures to control such waste. In
addition
 such enterprises are required to pay fines
 or to cease operations
entirely under extreme circumstances
 should they discharge waste substances.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we may be unable to
pass on to our customers through higher prices for our products. 
Our failure to comply with PRC hygiene laws may require
us to incur significant costs. 

compliance with PRC food hygiene laws and regulations. These food hygiene laws
require all enterprises engaged in the production of chestnuts and various
vegetables and fruits to obtain a hygiene license for each of their production
facilities. Such laws also require manufacturers to comply with regulations with
respect to food
 food additives
 packaging
 and food production sites
facilities and equipment. Failure to comply with PRC food hygiene laws may
result in fines
 suspension of operations
 loss of hygiene licenses and
 in more
extreme cases
 criminal proceedings against an enterprise and its management.
The Chinese government may also change the existing laws or regulations or
impose additional or stricter laws or regulations
 compliance with which may
cause us to incur significant capital expenditures
 which we
may be unable to pass on to our customers through higher prices for our
products. 




Chinese government forcing relocation may require us to
incur significant costs. 

the factory of Junan Hongrun according to a new city zoning plan where Shandong
Lorain resident
 so that the land can be used for other urban use. Shandong
Lorain has started this relocation process in July 2016 and finished this
process in December
2016. During the relocation process
 we were not allowed to
produce our products with full capacity. As a result
 the revenue from sales of
chestnuts food products was $ 30.4 million and $54.3 million in 2016 and in
2015
 respectively
 decreasing by approximately 44%. 

received and whether the amount of compensation for land requisition can make up
for our loss during the relocation period. If we cannot receive sufficient
compensation next year
 the relocation will cost us a significant loss. 

Our operations are cash intensive
 and our business could
be adversely affected if we fail to maintain sufficient levels of working
capital. 

principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 do not allow us to pay on credit. However
 some of the suppliers with
whom we have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We
fund the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated
from operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers
stop offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 

requirements from the proceeds of short-term loans from Chinese and overseas
banks. Our average loan balance from short-term bank loans in 2016 was
approximately $30.7 million. We expect to continue to do so in the future. Such
loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables and/or guarantees
by third parties. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 we may
not be able to roll over such loans in the future or may not have sufficient
funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure to roll over
our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could result in the
imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
 legal actions
against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. 

cash flows from operations and current and expected short-term bank loans will
be adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2017. However
 if
available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations
as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing. 
We are subject to credit risk in respect of accounts
receivables. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2016
 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our domestic
customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days; international
customers are typically extended 90 days credit. Our large customers may fail to
meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case we may not have sufficient cash
flow to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.





We may enter into additional financing agreements which
may have a dilutive effect to our earnings per share and the rights of certain
stockholders. 

our earnings per share or the issuance of securities with rights superior to our
current outstanding securities. We may also grant registration rights to
investors purchasing our equity or debt securities in the future. 
We may be unable to raise additional capital.


 we
may be unable to implement our long-term business plan
 develop or enhance our
products and services
 take advantage of future opportunities or respond to
competitive pressures on a timely basis
 if at all. In addition
 a lack of
additional financing could force us to substantially curtail or cease
operations. 
We may be exposed to potential risks relating to our
internal control over financial reporting and our ability to have such controls
attested to by our independent auditors. 

 under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
adopted rules requiring public companies to provide in their annual reports on
Form 10-K a report by management with respect to the company&#146;s disclosure
controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are
currently required to comply with this requirement. In addition
 such rules
require the independent registered public accounting firm auditing a company&#146;s
financial statements to attest to the operating effectiveness of such company&#146;s
internal controls. However
 because we are a smaller reporting company
 we are
not required to receive an attestation report from a registered public
accounting firm. We can provide no assurance that we will comply with all of the
requirements imposed thereby. Further
 we cannot assure that we will receive a
positive attestation from our independent auditors. Investors and others may
lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements in the event we
identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal
controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner or if we are unable to
receive a positive attestation from our independent auditors with respect to our
internal controls. 
We  defaulted on debt relating to our bad
operation performance and lack of finance from funding activities. 

 dated October 19
 2010
(the &#147;Share Pledge Agreement&#148;)
 Mr. Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and
chairman
 has pledged 5
313
574 shares of Common Stock (the &#147;Pledged Shares&#148;)
for the benefit of DEG-Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH
(&#147;DEG&#148;) in order to secure the obligations of the Company and its subsidiary
Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Junan Hongrun&#148;) under a Loan Agreement
dated May 31
 2010
 among the Company
 DEG and Mr. Si Chen (the &#147;Loan
Agreement&#148;). In the event that the value of the pledged assets is less than 150%
of the amounts made available to the Junan Hongrun under the Loan Agreement
 DEG
has the right to require additional security in the form of fixed assets or
shares under the Loan Agreement and Share Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to a letter
agreement
 dated November 15
 2012
 Mr. Si Chen has pledged an additional
5
480
492 shares of Common Stock to DEG under the Pledge Agreement in order to
secure the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement. The total
number of shares pledged under the Pledge Agreement is now 10
794
066 shares of
Common Stock. For so long as no event of default under the Loan Agreement has
occurred
 Mr. Si Chen continues to retain all voting rights with respect to the
Pledged Shares. 

 2016
 DEG acquired beneficial ownership of
10
794
066 shares of Common Stock upon foreclosure of the pledge from Mr. Si
Chen. Such shares constitute approximately 28.2% of the total number of shares
of Common Stock of the Issuer outstanding as of September 30
 2016. 

bad performance of our operation and decrease of our revenue in the near future
DEG has right to acquired more shares of Common Stock pledged by Mr. Si Chen.


performance. 

Changes in China&#146;s political or economic situation could
harm us and our operating results. 

positive effect on the economic development of the country. However
 the Chinese
government could change these economic reforms at any time. Such changes could
negatively impact our operations and profitability. 




The structure of the Chinese economy may inhibit our
ability to expand our business. 

countries belonging to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and
Development
 or OECD
 in several ways. For example
 state-owned enterprises
constitute a large portion of the Chinese economy. In addition
 weak corporate
governance practices and the lack of flexible currency exchange policies
continue to persist. As a result of these differences
 we may not develop in the
same way or at the same rate as might be expected if the Chinese economy were
similar to those of the OECD member countries. 
Our business is largely subject to the uncertain legal
environment in China. 

statutes. Unlike common law systems
 it is a system in which precedents set in
earlier legal cases are not generally used. Laws
 regulations and legal
requirements relating to foreign investments in China are still evolving
 and
their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. These uncertainties
could limit the legal protections available to foreign investors
 such as the
right of foreign enterprises to hold required business licenses and permits.

It may be difficult for our stockholders to effect
service of process against our subsidiaries or our officers and directors.


China and France and substantially all of their assets are located outside the
U.S. In addition
 our executive officers and directors are residents of China
and substantially all of their assets are located outside the U.S. As a result
it could be difficult for our stockholders to effect service of process in the
U.S.
 or to enforce a judgment obtained in the U.S.
 against our officers and
directors in China. 
Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability
to receive and use our revenues effectively. 

dollars
 and any future restrictions on currency exchanges may limit our ability
to use revenue generated in Renminbi to fund any future business activities
outside China or to make dividends or other payments in U.S. dollars. Although
the Chinese government introduced regulations in 1996 to allow greater
convertibility of the Renminbi for current account transactions
 significant
restrictions still remain. For instance
 foreign enterprises may only buy
 sell
or remit foreign currencies after providing valid commercial documents at banks
in China authorized to conduct foreign exchange business. In addition
conversion of Renminbi for capital account items
 including direct investment
and loans
 is subject to governmental approval in China
 and companies are
required to open and maintain separate foreign exchange accounts for capital
account items. The Chinese regulatory authorities may impose more stringent
restrictions on the convertibility of the Renminbi in the future. 
Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the
establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may have
negative effects on our company. 

 the PRC State Administration of Foreign
Exchange
 or SAFE
 issued the Notice on Relevant Issues in the Foreign Exchange
Control over Financing and Return Investment Through Special Purpose Companies
by Residents Inside China
 generally referred to as Circular 75
 which required
PRC residents to register with the local SAFE branch before establishing or
acquiring control over an offshore special purpose vehicle
 or SPV
 for the
purpose of engaging in an equity financing outside of China on the strength of
domestic PRC assets originally held by those residents. Internal implementing
guidelines issued by SAFE
 which became public in June 2007 (known as Notice
106)
 further expanded the reach of Circular 75. 

controlled by Si Chen
 our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Pursuant to
Circular 75 and Notice 106
 if a PRC resident has completed a round-trip
investment through its established SPV but has not yet completed the required
procedures of SAFE registration for offshore investment of the SPV
 he must
retroactively register the SPV with SAFE. 

 a
Japanese individual
 Hisashi Akazawa
 was designated as a nominee holder of ILH
when ILH was established. Mr. Akazawa granted an option to our Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Chen
 allowing Mr. Chen to buy 90% of Mr. Akazawa&#146;s
interest in the Company at a fixed price at a future time in accordance with the
terms of an option agreement between the two parties. On December 22
 2008
 Mr.
Chen exercised this option. In addition
 on that date
 Mr. Chen acquired all of
the remaining shares of our company held by Mr. Akazawa. As a result
 Mr. Chen
is the beneficiary of ILH and may be required to register with and obtain
approvals from SAFE or its agency with respect to the direct offshore investment
activities related to the acquisition of the Lorain Group Companies. 





beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a serious
violation of the requirements of the PRC Company Law and the PRC Regulation of
Registration of Companies
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the
company registration authority in the PRC to make corrections on its filed
registration
 to be fined an amount no less than RMB 5
000 and no more than RMB
50
000 or
 in the worse scenario
 to have its company registration certificate
revoked or its business licenses canceled. 

 2014
 the SAFE issued the Circular Relating to
Foreign Exchange Administration of Offshore Investment
 Financing and Roundtrip
Investment by Domestic Residents Through Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular
37. Circular 37 repeals and replaces the Notice Concerning Foreign Exchange
Controls on Domestic Residents&#146; Financing and Roundtrip Investment Through
Offshore Special Purpose Vehicles
 or Circular 75. Under Circular 37
 PRC
residents are required to register with the SAFE or its local branches prior to
establishing
 or acquiring control of
 an offshore company for the purpose of
investment or financing that offshore company with equity interests in
 or
assets of
 a PRC enterprise or with offshore equity interest or assets legally
held by such PRC resident. In addition
 PRC residents are required to amend
their registrations with the SAFE and its local branches to reflect any material
changes with respect to such PRC resident&#146;s investment in such offshore company
including changes to basic information of such PRC resident
 increase or
decrease in capital
 share transfer or share swap
 merger or division. In the
event that a PRC shareholder fails to make the required registration or update
the previously filed registration
 the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore special
purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing their profits and the
proceeds from any reduction in capital
 share transfer or liquidation to their
offshore parent company
 and the offshore parent company may also be prohibited
from contributing additional capital into its PRC subsidiaries. Furthermore
failure to comply with the various foreign exchange registration requirements
described above could result in liability under the PRC laws for evasion of
applicable foreign exchange restrictions. 

the SAFE regulations to make the necessary registrations under the SAFE
regulations. However
 we may not be fully informed of the identities of the
beneficial owners of our company. We do not have control over our beneficial
owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will
comply with SAFE regulations. The failure of our beneficial owners who are PRC
residents to comply with these SAFE registrations may subject such beneficial
owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Furthermore
 since
Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it is unclear how this regulation
 and
any future regulation concerning offshore or cross-border transactions
 will be
interpreted
 amended and implemented by the relevant PRC government authorities
we cannot predict how these regulations will affect our business operations or
future strategy. Failure to register or comply with relevant requirements may
also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries
and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146; ability to distribute dividends to our company.
These risks may have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial
condition and results of operations. 

 characterize and register Mr. Chen
as a beneficial owner of ILH is determined by the PRC authorities to be a
violation of the requirements of registration and disclosure under new Circular
37
 the Lorain Group Companies may be ordered by the authority in the PRC to
make corrections on its filed registration
 to be fined an amount up to RMB
50
000 for Mr. Chen and up to RMB 300
000 for the Lorain Group Companies. 

 since Circular 37 was recently promulgated and it
is unclear how this regulation
 and any future regulation concerning offshore or
cross-border transactions
 will be interpreted
 amended and implemented by the
relevant PRC government authorities
 we cannot predict how these regulations
will affect our business operations or future strategy. Failure to register or
comply with relevant requirements may also limit our ability to contribute
additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries and limit our PRC subsidiaries&#146;
ability to distribute dividends to our company. These risks may have a material
adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our financial condition is affected by the foreign
exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. 

rates
 primarily the rate between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi
 as well as
Euro and Renminbi. In the event that the Renminbi appreciates against the U.S.
dollar and Euro
 our costs will increase. 


 especially
 peasant suppliers  whom do not abide by contract law and have not fulfilled their obligations. 

Certain of our stockholders have the ability to delay or
prevent adoption of important business decisions based on their ownership of a
significant percentage of our outstanding voting securities. 

outstanding voting securities. As a result
 DEG possesses significant influence
over our business. 




Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation may
make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change-in-control.


to issue up to 5
000
000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval.
The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series
 the terms of which may
be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further
action by the stockholders. These terms may contain voting rights
 including the
right to vote as a series on particular matters
 preferences as to dividends and
liquidation
 conversion rights and redemption rights provisions. The issuance of
any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock
and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition
 specific
rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict
our ability to merge with
 or sell assets to
 a third party. The ability of our
board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult to
acquire our company and could negatively affect the market price of our common
stock. 
We do not expect to pay dividends in the future
 and any
return on your investment may be limited to the value of the shares you acquire.


our common stock as of April 16
 2007
 we have never declared or paid cash
dividends. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in
the foreseeable future and any return on your investment may be limited to the
value of the shares of our common stock that you acquire. We currently intend to
retain and use any future earnings for the development and expansion of our
business. 




 which are owned except where otherwise
indicated
 are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    

 
      



    

    

Province



    

    

 
      



    

    

Province
 PRC



    

 in 2016
 we ceased operations in France
Dongguan and Shandong. 

 we currently have land use rights to
 or
lease
 70 properties with approximately 307
897 square meters
 consisting of
manufacturing facilities
 office buildings and land reserved for future
expansion. We believe our current facilities provide adequate capacity for our
current and projected needs. 

companies are permitted to acquire land use rights for specific purposes. In the
case of land used for industrial purposes
 the land use rights are granted for a
period of up to 50 years. This period may be renewed at the expiration of the
initial and any subsequent terms. Granted land use rights are transferable and
may be used as security for borrowings and other obligations. 


Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of
the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan
Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong
Province (the Linyi Court). 





Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was
first filed at Linyi Court. 

 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered
into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji also entered into the
Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji.
Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to
pay Shandong Lorain a total RMB 20 million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed
return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan
Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due and unpaid to Shandong
Lorain. Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against
Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect
to out of pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee
that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed.
Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to
claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million (approximately $1
636
902) first. 

 the Linyi Court had its first trial session.
During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong
Lorain for repayment of out of pocket expenses which would off-set the entire
fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB 4
746
927 (approximately
$765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have
standing to file the counter-claim because the out of pocket payments was made
by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court had a second trial session and
completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received
Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB 10
000
000
against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain
appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province. In November
2015
 Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court
and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial took
place on April 25
 2016
 at the Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s Court
 and the
decision thereon is currently pending. The Company anticipates that Shandong
Lorain will prevail on retrial. 



ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 


as the American Stock Exchange
 the NYSE Amex Equities Exchange and the NYSE
MKT) under the symbol &#147;ALN&#148;. As of October 14
 2017 the closing price for our
common stock was $0.37 per share. 

 for the periods indicated
 the
high and low sales prices of our common stock. These prices reflect inter-dealer
prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent
actual transactions. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    





    
    





    
    
    
    
    
    




      31



    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fiscal
      Year Ended December 31

    
    



    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    







Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common
Stock

 2017
 there were 311 stockholders of record
of our common stock. This does not include the holders whose shares are held in
a depository trust in &#147;street&#148; name. 


payment of a dividend in April 2007 in connection with our reverse merger. Any
future decisions regarding dividends will be made by our board of directors. We
currently intend to retain and use any future earnings for the development and
expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. 


Group Limited in March 2014. Under the terms of the Note
 interest on the
outstanding Principal Amount accrues at a rate of 4.5% per annum
 and all
accrued but unpaid interest is due and payable on June 30
 2014 and on the last
day of each quarter thereafter. If the Note is not converted pursuant to the
terms of the Note
 additional interest on the outstanding Principal Amount shall
accrue at a rate of 4.5% per annum and payable at the maturity of the Note.
Unless the Note is otherwise accelerated or converted
 the unpaid Principal
Amount of the Note
 together with all accrued but unpaid interest
 is due and
payable
 at the election of the Holder
 on September 13
 2014 or March 13
 2015
(&#147;Maturity Date&#148;)
 provided
 however
 if Holder fails to notify the Company in
writing by August 13
 2014 that it elects the maturity date of September 13
2014
 then the Maturity Date will be extended to March 13
 2015. 

 under the terms of the Note
 at any time
commencing on or after September 13
 2014 and before March 13
 2015
 the Holder
at Holder&#146;s option and upon five (5) days prior written notice to the Company
may convert in whole or in part the outstanding Principal Amount into a number
of shares of Common Stock of the Company (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) on a per share
conversion price of $1.15 per share
 as may be adjusted from time to time
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Note (&#147;Conversion Price&#148;); provided
however
 the Company will not effect any conversion of the Note
 and the Holder
will not have the right to convert any portion of the Note
 to the extent (but
only to the extent) that the Holder would beneficially own in excess of the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below)
 which beneficial ownership
will be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934
 as amended. The &#147;Beneficial Ownership Limitation&#148; is 9.99% of the
number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Note.


 the
Company&#146;s chief executive officer and chairman. 

 2015
 the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited
entered into an agreement to repayment terms of the promissory note in the
amount of $3
500
000 issued to the Company on March 13
 2014. On April 20
 2015
the Company repaid the promissory note in form of both cash payment of $791
433
and conversion of 2
355
276 shares of common stock at a conversion price of
$1.15 per share. 

 2014
 the Company&#146;s board of directors approved
the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (&#147;2014 Plan&#148;)
 which was approved at the annual
stockholders meeting on June 9
 2014. Subject to adjustment as provided in the
2014 Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock reserved and available for
delivery in connection with awards under the 2014 Plan is 3
000
000. In 2015
987
500 shares were issued to employees as stock awards under the 2014 plan.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans

herein by reference. 






ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 


in Shandong Province
 China. We develop
 manufacture and sell the following
types of food products: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 

    
    


 or RTC
      foods
 ready-to-eat
 or RTE
 foods); and 

    
    

      

sold in the Chinese domestic markets as well as exported to foreign countries
and regions such as Japan and South Korea. We have developed brand equity for
our chestnut products in China
 Japan and South Korea over the past 18 years. We
produced 214 products in 2016. We derive most of our revenues from sales in
China
 South Korea and Japan. In 2017
 our primary strategy is to continue
building our brand recognition in China through consistent marketing efforts
towards supermarkets
 wholesalers


the cooperation with other manufacturers and factories
 and enhancing the
turnover for our existing chestnut
 convenience and frozen food products. In
addition
 we are working to expand our marketing efforts in Asia and Europe. We
currently have limited sales and marketing activity in the United States
although our long-term plan is to significantly expand our activities there. In
addition
 we are working to developing new products and developing new sales
channels. 
Production Factors that Affect our Financial and
Operational Condition 

agricultural products
 including chestnuts
 vegetables
 fruits
 red meat
 fish
eggs
 rice
 flour and packaging products. During 2016
 the cost of our raw
materials decreased from $143
226
607 to $85
249
363.35 for a decrease of
approximately 40.48% . We may have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw
materials and expand our own agricultural operations in the future to meet
growing production demands. Despite our efforts to control our supply of raw
materials and maintain good relationships with our suppliers
 we could lose one
or more of our suppliers at any time. The loss of several suppliers may be
difficult to replace and could increase our reliance on higher cost or lower
quality suppliers
 which could negatively affect our profitability. In addition
if we have to increase the number of our suppliers of raw materials in the
future to meet growing production demands
 we may not be able to locate new
suppliers who could provide us with sufficient materials to meet our needs. Any
interruptions to
 or decline in
 the amount or quality of our raw materials
supply could materially disrupt our production and adversely affect our business
and financial condition and financial prospects. 

domestic market in 2016 and 2015 was approximately $1
765 metric ton and $1
600
per metric ton
 respectively
 excluding value added taxes. In the past few
years
 increasing inflation pressures weighed on the Chinese economy which
reflected on agricultural product prices. We do not have effective means and do
not currently hedge against changes in our raw material prices. Consequently
 if
the costs of our raw materials increase further and we are unable to offset
these increases by raising the prices of our products
 our profit margins and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 
Uncertainties that Affect our Financial Condition


principally to procure raw materials for our products. Many of our suppliers
including chestnut
 vegetable and fruit farmers
 and suppliers of packaging
materials
 require us to pay for their supplies in cash on the same day that
such supplies are delivered to us. However
 some of the suppliers with whom we
have a long-standing business relationship allow us to pay on credit. We fund
the majority of our working capital requirements out of cash flow generated from
operations. If we fail to generate sufficient sales
 or if our suppliers stop
offering us credit terms
 we may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our
operating costs and our business could be adversely affected. 

capital requirements in 2015 and 2016
 respectively
 from the proceeds of
short-term loans from Chinese and foreign banks. We expect to continue to do so
in the future. Such loans are generally secured by our fixed assets
 receivables
and/or guarantees by third parties. Our average loan balance from short-term
bank loans in 2016 and 2015were approximately $30.7 million and $39.0 million
respectively. The term of almost all such loans is one year or less.
Historically
 we have rolled over such loans on an annual basis. However
 in
recent years
 the Chinese government has implemented more stringent credit
policies to curb inflation and soaring property prices
 which could negatively impact our
ability to obtain or roll over these short term loans
 and hence not having
sufficient funds available to pay all of our borrowings upon maturity. Failure
to roll over our short-term borrowings at maturity or to service our debt could
result in the imposition of penalties
 including increases in rates of interest
legal actions against us by our creditors
 or even insolvency. We obtained long
term loans
 private placement financing and a convertible promissory note during
the period 2011 to 2014. We can provide no assurances that we will be able to
enter into any future financing or refinancing agreements on terms favorable to
us
 especially considering the current instability of the capital markets. 





 including
  cash flows from operations
 current and expected short-term bank loans will be
  adequate to satisfy our liquidity requirements through 2017. However
 if
  available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and loan obligations
  as they come due
 our plans include considering pursuing alternative financing
  arrangements or further reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
  requirements. However
 there is no assurance that
 if required
 we will be able
  to raise additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide the
  required liquidity. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization
  companies are difficult and banking institutions have become stringent in their
  lending requirements. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or
terms of any third party financing. 

 some of our customers
 including some of our
large supermarket customers
 delayed their payments for up to 60 to 90 days
beyond their term. Our cash flow suffered while waiting for such payments.
Consequently
 at times we had to delay payments to our suppliers and to postpone
business expansion as a result of these delayed payments. Starting in 2008 and
through 2016 we gradually shortened credit terms for many of our domestic
customers from between 30 and 180 days to between 30 and 60 days; international
customers are typically extended 90 days credit. Our large customers may fail to
meet these shortened credit terms
 in which case we may not have sufficient cash
flow to fund our operating costs and our business could be adversely affected.



during the year ended December 31
 2015. We recognize revenue upon shipping of
products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from
our facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that
the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their
premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify us. If we are
not contacted within those seven days
 our obligation to the customer are
considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing
of these seven days
 we believe that certain sales transactions have been
erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. We have
rectified this error and the impact of our financial position and result of
operations during the year ended December 31
 2015.


operations for the periods indicated
 and the differences between the two
periods expressed in dollars and percentages. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
Year
      Ended
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
      31

    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
      
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
      
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    





Year Ended December 31
 2016 Compared to Year Ended December
31
 2015

. Net revenues decreased by $61.0 million
or approximately 43.4%
 to $79.7 million in 2016 from $140.7 million in 2015. 

more competitors entered the convenience food industry that develop more types
of products. Our current products have not met customers&#146; demand in the most
recent year due to our failure to invest in research and development. In
addition
 we have faced significant competition from Chinese online ordering
platforms since 2015
 which platforms offer convenient and efficient meals
directly from restaurants. In addition
 Dongguan Lorain ceased operations in
October 2016 due to its high cost of environmental compliance cost
 the overlap
of products and market with Luotian Lorain
 both of which focus on the southern
market of China
 and poor performance of sales revenue. 




 Our cost of revenues decreased $45.6
million
 or approximately 39.7%
 to $69.2 million in 2016 from $114.7 million in
2015
 as a result of decrease of net revenue. 
. Our gross profit decreased $15.5 million
or 59.6%
 to $10.5 million in 2016 from $26.0 million in 2015
 mainly attributed
to the fact that revenues decreased by $79.2 million. The gross profit ratio
decreased from 12.6% to 7.1% in 2016
 it is mainly attributes to the reason that
we ceased to sell convenience foods products since 2016
 shut Athena Group and
Dongguan Lorain
 the cost of chestnuts slightly increased and the sales of
chestnuts in China declined. 

. Our selling and
marketing expenses decreased approximately $0.7 million
 or 10.7%
 to $6.1
million in 2016 from $6.9 million in 2015. The decrease is attributable to
decreases of employee salary
 travel expense
 entertainment expense and storage
charge by 19.03%
 52.23%
 71.27% and 60.05%
 respectively
 in 2016. 
 Our general and
administrative expenses increased approximately $35.1 million
 or 620.0%
 to $
40.8 million in 2016 from $5.7 million in 2015. The increase mainly due to the
bad debt including unrecovered trade receivables and other receivables $
35
590
795 that management determined cannot be recovered
 which accounted for
87.2% of total general and administrative expenses in 2016
 respectively. In
2016
 the credit terms for many of our domestic customers was between 30 and 60
days; international customers are typically extended 90 days credit. Our cash
flow suffered while waiting for such payments. Many of our direct clients
 such
as supermarkets and restaurants
 did not make payments promptly due to poor
sales. In addition
 third party distributors&#146; ability to collect accounts
receivable was worsened due to the bad sales performance and such distributors&#146;
inability to collect receivables from their own clients. Other receivables that
become bad debt include (i) raw materials we paid for but the suppliers did not
provide the raw materials ordered by us and refused to refund the advance
payment
 or we did not agree on the quality of the raw materials and (ii)
advance payments made by our salesmen for raw materials
 and such salesmen left
the company before we could confirm that the goods had been warehoused. Most of
the aforementioned receivables were incurred after 2014
 and under accounting
principles we determined that 2016 was a suitable time to increase the ratio of
provision for bad debts exceeding half a year to 50% and to 100% for over one
year.


million in 2015 to $1.2 million in 2016
 representing grants received mostly
from the Junan County
 Beijing and Luotian government to assist us in our
research and business development. 
Income Before Taxation and Non-Controlling
Interest

$90.6 million
 or 1820%
 to negative $85.6 million in 2016 from $4.9 million
in 2015
 mainly due to provision for $45.6 million cost of revenue in 2016. In
addition
 decrease of gross profit and increase of general and administrative
expense also leads to the decrease of income before taxation and non-controlling
interest. 

 2016
 we entered into two contracts of Transfer
of Land Contract Right with village committee of Lanling County Jinling Town
Qiaoshangou Village and village committee of Junan County Zhubian Town Huanheya
Village
 respectively
 according to which
 we contracted about 515 acres and 208
acres woods respectively to plant chestnut trees. The valid period of both of
the contracts are 30 years. The consideration of contract is $543
809
(RMB3
750
000) and $200
992 (RMB1
386
000)
 respectively. 

 2016
 we entered in to a nursery stock purchase
agreement with Linyi Lingang Development District Runfa Nursery Stock
Cooperation
 according to which we purchased 812
500 chestnut seedlings in a
consideration of $12
470
634 (RMB85
995
000). We paid to the seller $1
247
063
(RMB8
559
500) upon the execution of the agreement and agreed to pay the rest
purchase fee when over 95% of the chestnut seedlings survived. 

 2016
 we entered in to a nursery stock purchase
agreement with Linyi Lingang Development District Runfa Nursery Stock
Cooperation
 according to which we purchased 327
600 chestnut seedlings in a
consideration of $5
027
843 (RMB34
671
000). We paid to the seller $502
784
(RMB3
467
100) upon the execution of the agreement and agreed to pay the rest
purchase fee when over 95% of the chestnut seedlings survived. 






 or 43.5%
 to
$1.9 million in 2016
 as compared to $3.4 million in 2015. This decrease was
attributable to the lower income (excluding impairment) earned in 2016 as
compared to 2015. 


equity of our subsidiary Shandong Lorain
 and Biobranco II
 Alcides Branco
 and
Nuno Branco hold 49% of the equity of the Athena Group
 which is reflected in
the non-controlling interest of $7.3million in 2016 and $7.7million in 2015.



 or
5
290.7%
 to negative $135.9  million in 2016 from $2.6 million in 2015. As our 51% controlled overseas  subsidiaries suffered loss in 2016
 its minority shareholders bore their  proportion of loss.


  2016
 we incurred a substantial loss of $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2016
  we had a working capital deficit of approximately $21
271
226. These conditions  raise substantial doubt as to whether we may continue as a going concern.

requirements necessitated by our sales growth
 adding new products and expanding
our facilities. In the past
 our primary sources of financing have been cash
generated from operations and short-term loans from banks in China. In addition
we obtained long term loans
 private placement financing and convertible
promissory note during the period 2011 to 2015. 

 2016 and 2015
 cash and cash equivalents
(including restricted cash) were $1.4 million and $25.5 million
 respectively.
The debt to assets ratio was 55.4% and 31.3% as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
respectively. We expect to continue to finance our operations and working
capital needs in 2017 from cash generated from operations
 short-term bank
loans. As such
 we are in discussions regarding potential financing
transactions. If available liquidity is not sufficient to meet our operating and
loan obligations as they come due
 our plans include pursuing alternative
financing arrangements or reducing expenditures as necessary to meet our cash
requirements. However
 there is no assurance that we will be able to raise
additional capital or reduce discretionary spending to provide liquidity
 if
needed. Currently
 the capital markets for small capitalization companies are
difficult. Accordingly
 we cannot be sure of the availability or terms of any
alternative financing arrangements. 

cash flow for all financial statement periods presented in this report. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
For year
      ended December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


















    


    
    


    














  








 respectively
 with the increase of  approximately $18.0 million cash provided in investing activities primarily  from a decrease in restricted cash of $7.1 million and disposition of an  investment for $1.9 million in 2016. 


 respectively
 with the increase of $17.7  million cash provided in financing activities from loan proceeds from bank  borrowings and debentures for approximately $3.1 million and no repayment  long-term borrowings and notes payable in 2016.


 2016 and 2015
 we carried $22.7 million and
$21.4 million short term bank loans from foreign and Chinese domestic banks.



United States generally accepted accounting principles requires our management
to make assumptions
 estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in
the financial statements
 including the notes thereto
 and related disclosures
of commitments and contingencies
 if any. We consider our critical accounting
policies to be those that require the more significant judgments and estimates
in the preparation of financial statements
 including the following: 
The Company
has discovered errors in the timing of revenues recognized during the year ended
December 31
 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to
its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&#146;s
facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the
customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their premises
to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the
Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&#146;s obligation to
the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized.
Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes that certain sales
transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
2015. The Company has rectified this error and the impact of the Company&#146;s
financial position and result of operations. 
 We maintains its general ledger
and journals with the accrual method accounting for financial reporting
purposes. The financial statements and notes are representations of management.
Accounting policies adopted by the Company conform to generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States of America and have been consistently
applied in the presentation of financial statements
 which are compiled on the
accrual basis of accounting. 
The preparation of the financial
statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.
Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the
time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. 

accounts such as accounts receivable
 inventory
 fixed assets
 and intangible
assets. We use estimates to account for the related bad debt allowance
inventory impairment charges
 depreciation and amortization of our assets. In
the food processing industry
 these accounts have a significant impact on the
valuation of our balance sheet and the results of our operations. 
 The consolidated
financial statements are presented in US Dollars and include the accounts of the
Company and its commonly controlled entity. All significant inter-company
balances and transactions are eliminated in combination. 

 2016
 the particulars of the commonly
controlled entities are as follows: 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
Attributable
      equity
    
    
    

    

    
    


    
    
    

    
    
    

    



























      




    





659






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

861

    





    




    





123






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

540

    





    




    





797






    
    
    
    
    
    
    

303

    





    




    









 the Company invested $2
100
000 in Athena/Minerve
Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted
operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import
and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for
as subsidiaries in the Company&#146;s financial statements; however
 during the year
ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy
by creditors
 and
 ultimately liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control
of Minerve and written of the value of its investment in Minerve. All
receivables due by Minerve to subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have
been written off. The Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements at December
31
 2015 have been recast to provide improved comparability for the Company&#146;s
continuing operations. 

balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries that the Company does not
wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests. 

 which is
a PRC state-owned entity
 holds 19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain. 
 --
The long-lived assets held and used by us are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets
may not be recoverable. It is reasonably possible that these assets could become
impaired as a result of technology or other industry changes. Determination of
recoverability of assets to be held and used is by comparing the carrying amount
of an asset to future net undiscounted cash flows to be generated by the assets.


 the impairment to
be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the
assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are
reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.
The Company recognized impairment losses on certain long-lived assets  during 2016.
The Company's revenue recognition
policies are in compliance with Staff accounting bulletin (SAB) 104. Sales
revenue is recognized at the date of shipment to customers when a formal
arrangement exists
 the price is fixed or determinable
 the delivery is
completed
 no other significant obligations of the Company exist and
collectibility is reasonably assured. Payments received before all of the
relevant criteria for revenue recognition are satisfied are recorded as unearned
revenue. 

 net
of a value-added tax (VAT). The Company allows its customers to return products
if they are defective. However
 this rarely happens and amounts returned have
been de minimis. 


 including cash and
equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate
their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#147;Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value of
financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such
instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of
interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    


      unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. As of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the Company did not
identify any assets and liabilities whose carrying amounts were required to be
adjusted in order to present them at fair value. 


 The FASB issued ASU No. 2015-01
 &#147;Income
Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20)&#148;. This Update
eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. Subtopic 225-20
 Income
Statement&#151;Extraordinary and Unusual Items
 required that an entity separately
classify
 present
 and disclose extraordinary events and transactions.
Presently
 an event or transaction is presumed to be an ordinary and usual
activity of the reporting entity unless evidence clearly supports its
classification as an extraordinary item. Paragraph 225-20-45-2 contains the
following criteria that must both be met for extraordinary classification: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    

      should possess a high degree of abnormality and be of a type clearly
      unrelated to
 or only incidentally related to
 the ordinary and typical
      activities of the entity
 taking into account the environment in which the
      entity operates.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      transaction should be of a type that would not reasonably be expected to
      recur in the foreseeable future
 taking into account the environment in
      which the entity operates.

classification
 an entity is required to segregate the extraordinary item from
the results of ordinary operations and show the item separately in the income
statement
 net of tax after income from continuing operations. The entity also
is required to disclose applicable income taxes and either present or disclose
earnings-per-share data applicable to the extraordinary item. 

and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. A reporting
entity also may apply the amendments retrospectively to all prior periods
presented in the financial statements. Early adoption is permitted provided that
the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. The
effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other
entities. 

applied it to the presentation of the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 the guidance
eliminates the requirement to restate prior period financial statements for
measurement period adjustments following a business combination. The new
guidance requires that the cumulative impact of a measurement period adjustment
(including the impact on prior periods) be recognized in the reporting period in
which the adjustment is identified. The prior period impact of the adjustment
should be either presented separately on the face of the income statement or
disclosed in the notes. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the
pronouncement will have on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 

 2016
 there are no other recently issued
accounting standards not yet adopted that would or could have a material effect
on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 








recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company recognizes
revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods
passes upon departure from the Company&#146;s facilities; however
 in certain
instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days
inspection period after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the
goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not
contacted within those seven days
 the Company&#146;s obligation to the customer are
considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing
of these seven days inspection period
 the Company believes that certain sales
transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
2015. The Company has corrected this error and adjusted for the impact upon the
Company&#146;s financial position and result of operations as detailed below
 which
include the regrouping of amounts attributable to Discontinued Operations. 

operations for the above mentioned financial statements is as follows for 2015.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


315

    
    


571

    
    

743

    

    




197

    




076

    




120

    

    
    

118

    
    

494

    
    

623

    

    
    

052

    
    

494

    
    

558

    

    




728

    




    




728

    

    




324

    




494

    




829

    

    
    


191

    
    


494

    
    


686




and significant asset and liability accounts is as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    






  
    
    


    
    


    
    





    
    

532

    
    

269

    
    

262

    

    
    

712

    
    

779

    
    

491

    

    




049

    




449

    




600

    

    
    

537

    
    

449

    
    

088

    

    
    

863

    
    

017

    
    

846

    

    




003

    




017

    




986

    

    
    

569

    
    

017

    
    

552

    

    
    

389

    
    

370

    
    

019

    







968

    




431

    




536

    
  


    


537

    
    


449

    
    


088







ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT
MARKET RISK

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY FINANCIAL
DATA

As of December 31
 2016 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON
ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.




Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (&#147;Exchange Act&#148;))
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC&#146;s rules and forms
 and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including to our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. 

 our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures As of
December 31
 2016. Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer concluded that As of December 31
 2016
 our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting described below. 

Management&#146;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting.

adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in
Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the
participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based upon the framework in Internal
Control&#151;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation
 our management
concluded that
 As of December 31
 2016
 our internal controls over financial
reporting are not effective. 

our management As of December 31
 2016 relates to the ability of the Company to
record transactions and provide disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. We did
not have sufficient and skilled accounting personnel with an appropriate level
of experience in the application of U.S. GAAP commensurate with our financial
reporting requirements. For example
 our staff members do not hold licenses such
as Certified Public Accountant or Certified Management Accountant in the U.S.
have not attended U.S. institutions for training as accountants
 and have not
attended extended educational programs that would provide sufficient relevant
education relating to U.S. GAAP. Our staff will require substantial training to
meet the demands of a U.S. public company and our staff&#146;s understanding of the
requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting are inadequate. 







accounting team. The training sessions will be organized to help our corporate
accounting team gain experience in U.S. GAAP reporting and to enhance their
awareness of new and emerging pronouncements with potential impact over our
financial reporting. We plan to continue to recruit experienced and professional
accounting and financial personnel and participate in educational seminars
tutorials
 and conferences and employ more qualified accounting staff in future.

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting.


 during the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2016
 there were no material changes in our internal control over
financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation performed
during the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting. 


provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that: 

 in reasonable
detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our
assets; 

recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of our assets
that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer
 does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or
detect all misstatements. A control system
 no matter how well designed and
operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the
objectives of the control system are met. Further
 the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the
benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of internal
controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of
misstatements
 if any
 have been detected or prevented. Also
 projections of any
evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the
risk that those internal controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.


 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping  of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure  from the Company&rsquo;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms  dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods  at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the  Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&rsquo;s  obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should  be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes that  certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year  ended December 31
 2015. The Company has  rectified this error and the impact of the Company&rsquo;s financial position and  result of operations.



ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE


 age and position of
each of our current directors as well as the date that each officer began their
service as a director. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Executive
      Officer
 
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    




 Mr. Chen became our chief executive officer
and director in May 2007 upon the completion of our recapitalization
 and was
also appointed our president in September 2009. Mr. Chen founded Shandong
Lorain
 our first subsidiary
 in 1994
 and served as the chairman of our
subsidiaries since that time. Mr. Chen earned an associate degree from Linyi
Normal University. Mr. Chen has been our Company&#146;s founder and Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer since inception. He is the individual most familiar with
our business and industry
 including the regulatory structure and other
industry-specific matters
 as well as being most capable of effectively
identifying strategic priorities and leading the discussion and execution of
strategy. 
 Mr. Lu was appointed as our Chief
Operating Officer and was elected as a member of our board of directors
effective August 1
 2008. Mr. Lu joined the Company in 1994 and has held various
positions since then. From April 2003 to May 2005
 Mr. Lu was the General
Manager of Beijing Lorain and the Deputy General Manager of our subsidiaries.
From May 2005 to February 2007
 Mr. Lu was the General Manager of Lorain
International Trading and the Deputy General Manager of our subsidiaries. From
February to August 2008
 Mr. Lu was the General Manager of our subsidiaries. Mr.
Lu was recognized as an Outstanding Entrepreneur in Shandong Province in 2007.
Mr. Lu earned an MBA from Shandong University and a Bachelor of Arts degree from
Shandong University. Mr. Lu
 has been our Company&#146;s Chief Operating Officer
since 2008 and he has worked with our Company since 1994. Because of his tenure
with the Company
 he is familiar with our business and industry
 including the
regulatory structure and other industry-specific matters. 
 Mr. Sun has been an accounting manager
of Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd. since 2014. From 2009 to 2014
 Mr. Yunqiang Sun
served as the Chief Financial officer of Shandong Quanrixing Food Co.
 Ltd. From
2007 to 2009
 he served as Account Manager of Shandong Linyi Kaijia Food Co.
Ltd. From 1992 to 2007
 he served as Chief Financial Officer of Shandong
Chunyuan Food Co.
 Ltd. Mr. Yunqiang holds a degree in Economics from Linyi
Trading College. 
 Mr. Wei
 who has served as a member of
our board of directors since 2008
 is a retired government official who held
various positions in the government of Junan County
 Shandong Province
 China
from 1990 to 2003
 during which time Mr. Wei was responsible for overseeing the
agricultural development of Junan County in the Shandong Province of China. Most
recently
 from 1998 to 2003
 Mr. Wei was the Chairman of the Political
Conservative Conference of Junan County. Mr. Wei also served as the Deputy
Secretary of County Committee and Deputy Chairman of Junan County. Mr. Wei has
helped lead Junan County to win numerous honors
 including Top 100 National
Fruit Products County and National Chestnut Base County. Although retired
 Mr.
Wei&#146;s expertise and experience with the agricultural economy and resources in
the countryside is invaluable to our business. 
 Mr. Yin was appointed one of our
directors in September 2009. He has been working as the President of Zibo branch
of the Agricultural Bank of China since 2004. Before that position
 Mr. Yin
served as the Vice President and the President at Linyi branch of the
Agricultural Bank of China from 1995-2004. Mr. Yin has a degree in economic
management and is regarded as a senior economist due to his distinguished
expertise in the banking and accounting industries and economic development. Our
company greatly benefits from Mr. Yin&#146;s invaluable expertise in banking and
accounting systems and operations. 
 Hongxiang Yu
 age 37
 has served as
the head of the internal auditing department of Hongrun Construction Group Co.
Ltd.
 a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange
 and as general manager
for Hongrun&#146;s foundation engineering subsidiary from August 2006. In September
2015
 Mr. Yu established and has been the Chairman of Shanghai Highlights Asset
Management Co.
 Ltd.
 a company engaged in assets management and private equity
investment in China. Since April 1
 2016
 Mr. Yu has also served as the Vice
Chairman of Tianjin Dragon Film Limited
 a company engaged in investment in film
industry including the both upstream and downstream chain of film production
business in China. Mr. Yu received his Bachelor degree in International Trade in
2004 from University of Portsmouth and his Master degree in International Human
Resources Management in 2006 from University of Portsmouth in U.K. 

directors and any other person pursuant to which any director was selected to
serve as a director of our company. Directors are elected until their successors
are duly elected and qualified. There are no family relationships among our
directors or officers. 






their discretion. The following table sets forth the name
 age and position of
each of our current executive officers as well as the date that each officer
began their service as an executive officer. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    

 Chief Executive
      Officer
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    

    
    
    
    

    
    


    

Chen
 Lu and Sun. 

executive officers and any other person pursuant to which any executive officer
was selected to serve as an executive officer of our company. 



style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 auditing
 and financial reporting
      processes; 
  
    
    
    

    
    

      
  
    
    
    

    
    


      compliance with accounting standards and applicable laws and regulations;
      and 
  
    
    
    

    
    


      independence of our independent auditors. 

 Hongxiang Yu
 and Maoquan Wei
 all of whom are
independent directors under SEC rules and the rules of NYSE Amex
 are currently
serving as members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Yu is the chairman of the Audit
Committee and is our audit committee financial expert. 

 a copy of
which is available on our website on the Corporate Governance page under the
Investor link at http://www.americanlorain.com
 and a printed copy of which is
available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: American Lorain
Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan County
Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600 


writing to American Lorain Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan
Zhong Road
 Junan County
 Shandong
 People&#146;s Republic of China
 276600. Any such
proposal shall contain the name
 holdings of our securities and contact
information of the person making the nomination; the candidate's name
 address
and other contact information; any direct or indirect holdings of our securities
by the nominee; any information required to be disclosed about directors under
applicable securities laws and/or stock exchange requirements; information
regarding related party transactions with our company and/or the stockholder
submitting the nomination; any actual or potential conflicts of interest; the
nominee's biographical data
 current public and private company affiliations
employment history and qualifications and status as independent under
applicable securities laws and stock exchange requirements. Nominees proposed by
stockholders will receive the same consideration as other nominees. 
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance


officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common
stock to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership
with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 which we also refer to throughout
this report as the SEC. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms
furnished to us and written representations from our executive officers
directors and such beneficial owners
 we believe that all filing requirements of
Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act were timely complied with during the fiscal
year ended December 31
 2016 






directors
 executive officers
 including our principal executive officer
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer
 and employees. The
Code of Ethics addresses
 among other things
 honesty and ethical conduct
conflicts of interest
 compliance with laws
 regulations and policies
 including
disclosure requirements under the federal securities laws
 confidentiality
trading on inside information
 and reporting of violations of the code. The Code
of Ethics is available on the Corporate Governance page of our website under the
Investor link at www.americanlorain.com
 and a copy of the Code of Ethics is
available to any shareholder requesting a copy by writing to: American Lorain
Corporation
 c/o Board of Director Office
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan County
Shandong
 China 276600. We intend to disclose on our website
 in accordance with
all applicable laws and regulations
 amendments to
 or waivers from
 our Code of
Ethics. 



of compensation earned by our named executive officers during the fiscal years
ended December 31
 2015 and 2016 for services provided to us and our
subsidiaries. None of our current executive officers earned compensation that
exceeded $100
000 during the fiscal years ended December 31
 2015 or 2016. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


 

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


 

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 we paid Mr. Chen a
base salary of $66
000 in cash during fiscal years ended December 31
 2016 and
2015. Mr. Chen&#146;s employment agreement does not provide any change in control or
severance benefits and we do not have any separate change-in-control agreements
with Mr. Chen or any of our other executive officers. 

 we are obligated to
pay Mr. Zhou a base salary of RMB 15
000 per month ($2
258 at then current
exchange rate). 
ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

ownership of our common stock as of September 29
 2016 (i) by each person who is
known by us to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) by each
of our named executive officers and directors and (iii) by all of our officers
and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC that deem shares to be beneficially owned by any person who
has voting or investment power with respect to such shares. Except as otherwise
indicated
 the persons listed below have advised us that they have direct sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares listed as owned by them.


 the address of each of the persons
set forth below is c/o American Lorain Corporation
 Beihuan Zhong Road
 Junan
County
 Shandong
 China 276600. 

 percentage ownership is based on 38
259
490
shares of our common stock outstanding as of September 29
 2016. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Name and title of beneficial
      owner
    
beneficial
      ownership
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Chairman
 CEO
      and President 



978





    




      Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH
    

794

    
    
    
    


      



183





    



    
    

355

    
    
    
    


 COO and



    




    





    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    




 Director
    
    
    
    
    
    


      Sun


    




    





    

979

    
    
    









style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    

794
066 shares of common stock that has been pledged
      under the Share Pledge Agreement
 dated October 19
 2010
 for the benefit
      of DEG-Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH (&#147;DEG&#148;) in
      order to secure the obligations of the Company and its subsidiary Junan
      Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. under a Loan Agreement
 dated May 31
 2010
      among the Company
 DEG and Mr. Si Chen (the &#147;Loan Agreement&#148;) transferred
      to DEG on September 7
 2016 by DEG notifing the Agent under the Pledge
      Agreement that the Company was in default under the Loan
  Agreement.
  
    
    

 2016
 DEG acquired beneficial ownership
      of 10
794
066 shares of Common Stock upon foreclosure of the pledge from
      Mr. Si Chen.
  
    
    

      in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 18
 2014. The address
      of Tongley Investment Ltd. is P.O. Box 957
 Offshore Incorporations
      Centre
 Road Town
 Tortola
 British Virgin Islands
  
    
    

 2014 in exchange for US$3.5 million
 the
      Company issued a Convertible Promissory Note (&#147;Note&#148;) in the principal
      amount of US$ 3.5 million (the &#147;Principal Amount&#148;) to Jade Lane Group
      Limited
 a company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands
      (the &#147;Holder&#148;). The Maturity Date for the Note was March 13
 2015. For
      details
 please see the Form 8-K filed by the Company on March 20
 2014.
      Based on information supplied by Jade Lane Group Limited in a Schedule 13D
      filed with the SEC on July 17
 2014 and Notification and Confirmation
      Letter between the Company and Jade Lane Group Limited (Jade Lane) dated
      March 12
 2015
 Jade Lane will redeem $791
433 principle and covert the
      remaining principle $2
708
567 to 2
355
276 shares of common stock of the
      Company at $1.15 per share. The 2
355
276 shares were issued on April 20
      2015. Jade Lane is the sole general partner of Jade Lane I
 L.P. (&#147;JLI&#148;).
      Ms. Chen Wenxuan is the sole director of Jade Lane and has voting and
      dispositive power over the shares held by JLI; however
 Jade Lane and Ms.
      Chen Wenxuan each disclaim beneficial ownership of shares held by JLI
      except to the extent of their pecuniary interests therein.Jade Lane is a
      corporation organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands with a
      principal business involving investments. The principal office for Jade
      Lane is located at Unit 1109-1116
 HSBC Building
 Shanghai IFC
 8 Century
      Avenue
 Pudong District
 Shanghai 200120
 China. JLI is a corporation
      organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands with a principal
      business involving investments. The principal office for JLI is located at
      Unit 1109- 1116
 HSBC Building
 Shanghai IFC
 8 Century Avenue
 Pudong
      District
 Shanghai 200120
 China. Ms. Chen&#146;s business address is Unit
      1109-1116
 HSBC Building
 Shanghai IFC
 8 Century Avenue
 Pudong District
      Shanghai 200120
 China. Ms. Chen&#146;s present principal occupation is
      Managing partner of HFG CHINA
 but she is also a director of Jade
    Lane.
  
    
    

 2016
 the Board appointed Hongxiang Yu as a
      member of the Board
 the Chairman of the Corporate Governance and
      Nominating Committee
 a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation
      Committee of the Board
 to serve until him successor has been duly elected
      and qualified.
  
    
    

  2016.
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND
DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


 dated October 19
 2010
(the &#147;Share Pledge Agreement&#148;)
 the Mr. Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and
chairman
 has pledged 5
313
574 shares of Common Stock (the &#147;Pledged Shares&#148;)
for the benefit of DEG-Deutsche Investitions- und Entwicklungsgesellshaft mbH
(&#147;DEG&#148;) in order to secure the obligations of the Company and its subsidiary
Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. (&#147;Junan Hongrun&#148;) under a Loan Agreement
dated May 31
 2010
 among the Company
 DEG and Mr. Si Chen (the &#147;Loan
Agreement&#148;). In the event that the value of the pledged assets is less than 150%
of the amounts made available to the Junan Hongrun under the Loan Agreement
 DEG
has the right to require additional security in the form of fixed assets or
shares under the Loan Agreement and Share Pledge Agreement. Pursuant to a letter
agreement
 dated November 15
 2012
 Mr. Si Chen has pledged an additional
5
480
492 shares of Common Stock to DEG under the Pledge Agreement in order to
secure the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Agreement. The total
number of shares pledged under the Pledge Agreement is now 10
794
066 shares of Common Stock. For so long as no event of
default under the Loan Agreement has occurred
 Mr. Si Chen continues to retain
all voting rights with respect to the Pledged Shares. 





 2014
 Mr. Si Chen
 our chief executive officer and
  chairman
 provided a personal guaranty of the March 13
 2014 Convertible
  Promissory Note issued by the Company to an investor in the principal amount of
$3.5 million. 

 2016
 DEG acquired beneficial ownership of
10
794
066 shares of Common Stock upon foreclosure of the pledge from Mr. Si
Chen. Such shares constitute approximately 28.2% of the total number of shares
of Common Stock of the Issuer outstanding as of September 30
 2015. 


transactions required to be disclosed under SEC rules are to be reviewed by the
Audit Committee. 
ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND
SERVICES

 P.C. is the Company&#146;s independent registered public
accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2016 and the accounting
fees is $170
000. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 


Statements&#148; beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

      

    

      
  
    

      



    



 as filed
      with the Nevada Secretary of State on June 15
 2009
 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on
      Form S-3 filed on January 29
 2010. 
  
    

      



    



 Incorporated by reference to
      Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&#146;s registration statement on Form S-3 filed
      on January 29
 2010. 
  
    

      



    

Certificate of Designation of Series A Voting Convertible
      Preferred Stock of the registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 9
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the
  registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB filed on April 9
 2007.
  
    

      



    
    

      Preferred Stock of registrant as filed with the Secretary of State of
      Delaware on April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
      the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007.
  
  
    

      



    



      Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      



    



      Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on
      October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      



    



 dated as of October 28
      2009. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      



    



 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 






style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 




    
    

 dated as of September 9
 2010
 by
      and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named therein and Si
      Chen. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010. 
  
    

      



    



      2009
 by and between American Loan Corporation and the purchasers named
      therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 8-K filed on October 29
 2009. 
  
    

      



    
    

      2010
 by and among American Loan Corporation
 Si Chen and the purchasers
      named therein. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 13
 2010.
    
  
    

      



    
    

 dated as of September 9
      2010
 by and among American Lorain Corporation
 the purchasers named
      therein
 Si Chen and the collateral agent named therein. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on September 13
 2010. 
  
    

      



    
    

 dated May 31
 2010
 between Junan Hongrun
      Foodstuff Co. Ltd. and DEG-Deutsche Investitions- Und
      Entwicklungsgesellschaft MBH. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
      the registrant&#146;s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed on August 11
 2010.
  
    

      



    



 2014 by and
      between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Intiraimi. Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K
      filed on February 13
 2014. 
  
    

      



    



      2014 by and between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and Biobranco II.
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant&#146;s current
      report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014. 
  
    

      



    
    

 2014 by and
      among Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
 Athena
 and the other
      shareholders of Athena. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 13
 2014.
  
  
    

      



    



      Incorporated by reference from Appendix A to the Company&#146;s Definitive
      Schedule 14A filed on April 30
 2014. &#134; 
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Haitong Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
 2015.
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Everbright Securities Assets Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August 28
 2013
      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A
      filed on February 23
 2015.
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and SWS MU
      Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015.
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Essence Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015. 
    
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd. and
      Guoyuan Securities
 Inc. dated August 28
 2013 Incorporated by reference
      to Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on February 23
      2015.
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
      and Harfor Fund Management Co.
 Ltd. dated October 18
 2013 Incorporated
      by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on
      February 23
 2015.
  
    

      



    
    

      Subscription Agreement of 2013 between Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.
      and Opple Lighting Corporation. dated November 6
 2013 Incorporated by
      reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant&#146;s Form 10-K/A filed on
      February 23
 2015.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



    



 adopted on
      April 30
 2007. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the
      registrant&#146;s current report on Form 8-K filed on May 9
 2007. 
  
    

      



    



      registrant . Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the registrant&#146;s
      current report on Form 10-K filed on April 14
 2016.
  
    

      

    

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
      * 
  
    

      

    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to
      Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 
  
    

      

    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to
      Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 * 
  
    

      

    

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 pursuant to 18
      U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ** 
  
    

      

    

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 pursuant to 18
      U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
      Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ** 

    
    


    

  

    
    


    

  

    
    


    

  

    
    


    

  

    
    


    

  

    
    


    

  


&#134; Management contract
 compensatory plan or arrangement.







Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

    
    



  

    

 Chief Executive Officer


1934
 this annual report has been signed by the following persons in the
capacities and on the dates indicated. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



      &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;
      &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;





    






    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    




    
    
    

    
    




    
    
    

    
    




    
    
    



    




    
    
    



    




    
    
    




Audited Consolidated Financial
Statements 
 2016 and 2015 







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


 2016 and 2015 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
  
    
    
  
    
    

Report of Independent
      Registered Public Accounting Firm 
F-3
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Balance
      Sheets 
F-4
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Statements
      of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
F-5
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Statements
      of Stockholders&#146; Equity 
F-6
  
  
    
    

Consolidated Statements
      of Cash Flows 
F-7
  
  
    
    

Notes to
      Financial Statements 
    




Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

  

    



Lorain Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively the &#147;Company&#148;) as of
December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related statements of income
 comprehensive
income
 stockholders&#146; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the
two-year period ended December 31
 2016. The Company&#146;s management is responsible
for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits. 

Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company
is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its
internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of
internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit
procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 the financial statements referred to above
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company
as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2016
 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. 

 2015  and for the year then ended. It has  rectified the error in the accompanying financial statements. For further details
 refer to Note 22. We do not qualify our opinion on the  accompanying financial statements in regards to this matter.

assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements
 the Company had incurred substantial losses
during the year and had working capital deficit
 which raises substantial doubt
about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#146;s plans in regards
to these matters are also described in Note 3. These financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 





 P.C. 









Consolidated Balance
As of December 31
 2016 and 2015

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    

142

    

    
    


    
    

309

    



    

253

    
    

707

    

    
    

840

    
    

251

    

    
    

873

    
    

972

    



    


    
    

646

    







745

    




570

    

    




819

    




600

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    
    



    

897

    
    

754

    



    

586

    
    

808

    


 net

    


    
    

873

    







362

    




051

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




253

    




088

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

667

    
    

446

    



    

948

    
    

031

    

    
    

007

    
    


    

    
    

514

    
    

367

    

    
    


    
    

527

    



    

611

    
    

746

    

    
    

347

    
    


    







811

    




165

    

    
    

157

    
    

986

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

544

    

    
    
    
    
    


    







    





    

    
    

157

    
    

552

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000
      
      2016 and 2015

    
    
    
    
    
    


 $0.001 par
      value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 
274
490 and 38
260
000 shares
      issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 and 2015

    


    
    


    

    
    

852

    
    

842

    

    
    

103

    
    

660

    

    
    

396

    
    

019

    



    

171

    
    

259

    

    




327

    




715

    



    


096

    
    


536

    
  
    




    




    







253

    




088





Consolidated
For the years ended
December 31
 2016 and 2015

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    




    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
  

    
    

666
740

    
    


711

    

    




164

    




729

    




    

501

    
    

981

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

125

    
    

859

    







797

    




665

    

    
    

922

    
    

525

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




420

    




456

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

231

    
    

999

    

    
    


    
    


    

    
    

569

    
    

244

    

    
    


    
    


    

    




911

    





    

    




853

    




170

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

274

    
    

285

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




898

    




362

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




173

    




923

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

733

    
    

456

    

    





    




153

    


      operations

    

187

    
    

609

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


361

    
    


686

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    

973

    
    

619

    




    


    
    

305

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    




911

    




536

    

    




449

    




222






    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    




    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






264






108







 Lorain
 of
For the years ended
 31
 2016 and 2015

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
















































  
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




 January 1


    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



916




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



853




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



038




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



021




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



796




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



021




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



766


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%


    




























686



















686


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



355




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



706




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



708


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%


    

















282































283


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



621




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



621




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%




    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%


    




























305













307








    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



536




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



536


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



 December 31
 2015 





259














842







660







019







259







715







536


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid

  
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    


  
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




 January 1


    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



259




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



842




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



660




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



019




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



259




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



715




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



536


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%


    




























361



















361


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%





    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%


    

















































    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid





    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%






    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%




    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%


    


































911













911


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid



 December 31
 2016


    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



274




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%







    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



852




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



103




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



396




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



171




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



327




    vAlign=bottom align=left width=1%



096


    style=BORDER-RIGHT: #000000 1px solid; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid
    vAlign=bottom align=left width=2%





Consolidated
For the years ended December 31
 2016 and
2015

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    







    




    





    

173

    
    

923

    






207





    



    
    

184

    
    
    
    






383





    




&nbsp; other
    receivables
 advances to suppliers

    

590

    
    
    
    












994




    
    

934

    
    

075

    


















    

996

    
    

027

    

    



156






426


  



    

848

    
    

129

    











    



    
    

681

    
    

645

    






209






105




    




176

    





    







785







289



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    




    



    
    

103

    
    

142

    





    





919


  

    
    


    
    


    





    







  

    
    

944

    
    
    
    

    












  







906

    




096

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    





892


  



    

122

    
    
    
    





    





210




    





    




    







043







682


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






836






489


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






120






054


  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    







142







685



  
    




    




    














142



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Supplementary cash flow
      information:


    




    



    
    


    
    


    

    
    

137
063



    

889
304




    
    

408

    
    

324







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      registered as a corporation in the state of Nevada. The Company conducts
      its primary business activities through its subsidiaries located in the
      People&#146;s Republic of China. Those subsidiaries develop
 manufacture
 and
      market convenience foods
 chestnut products
 and frozen foods; these
      products are sold to both domestic markets and international
    markets.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
Summary of Significant Accounting
  Policies
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      statements and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting
      principles in the United States of America; the Company maintains its
      general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.
  
    
    
  
    
    
Restatement of prior financial
statements
  
    
    
  
    
    

      revenues recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company
      recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title
      of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&#146;s facilities; however
      in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are
      afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their premises to
      inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the
      Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&#146;s obligation
      to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be
      recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes
      that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during
      the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has rectified this error and
      the impact of the Company&#146;s financial position and result of operations
      are detailed below.
  
    
    
  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
      and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    










    






659




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

861

    

    

      Co.



    




    





123




    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

540

    

    

      Co.



    




    





797




    

      Co.

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

303

    

    

      Co.



    




    









 the Company invested
$2
100
000 in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder
of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales
activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the
years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations
of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&#146;s financial
statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became
insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy by creditors
 and
 ultimately
liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and written of the
value of its investment in Minerve. All receivables due by Minerve to
subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have been written off. The
Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements at December 31
 2015 have been
recast to provide improved comparability for the Company&#146;s continuing
operations. 

significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the
accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of
subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as
non-controlling interests. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds 19.8% equity
interest in Shandong Lorain. 


statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts
of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these
estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are
made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 


investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.


holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading
securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in
the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified
as available-for-sale. 

securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on
trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and
losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are
excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other
comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of
available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.


available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary
results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is
charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a
new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment
is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and
intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers
whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs
evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the
reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes
in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.


accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an
adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest
income are recognized when earned. 


carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible
amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full
amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred. 


and finished goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market value.
Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping
costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost
method to its inventory. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
Advances and prepayments to
suppliers 

suppliers and vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical
receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable amount
is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory. 


less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated
useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&#146;s typically applies a
salvage value of 0% to 10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and
equipment are as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the
accounts
 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&#146;s results of
operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as
incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.
Construction in progress and
prepayments for equipment 

prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and
construction costs for plants
 and costs of acquisition and installation of
related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and
prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when
substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their
intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified
in this account.


amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is
provided using the straight-line method over 40-50 years. 


purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a
business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill
for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&#146;s results of
operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally
determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis. 
Accounting for the impairment of
long-lived assets 

long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment
may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working
capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits.
Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its
expected future undiscounted cash flows. 

 a
loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the
fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower
of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 


amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are
to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise
operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an
amount equal to 10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the
reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to 50% of the enterprise&#146;s PRC
registered capital. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    
Foreign currency translation


are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company
are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The Company&#146;s assets and liabilities
are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange
rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate
during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange
rates when the capital transactions occurred. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    




    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    
  

    




    




    



    


    
    
    
    
    



foreign currencies and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted
through authorized financial institutions. 


accordance to guidance found in Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104
 where
persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 the price has been fixed or is
determinable
 the delivery has been completed and no other significant
obligations of the Company exists
 and collectability of payment is reasonably
assured. Payments received prior to all of the foregoing criteria are recorded
as customer deposits. Recorded revenue is derived from the value of goods
invoiced less value-added tax (VAT). 


incurred.


costs are expensed as incurred.


expensed as incurred.


mandatory government sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the




using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax
benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes
are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the
carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire
before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization
is uncertain. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


&#147;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#148;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net
income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#146; equity
 except the
changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments
by stockholders. 


(&#147;EPS&#148;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &#147;Earnings per share&#148;. Basic EPS is
measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the
weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents
the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of
convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive
effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if
method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated
using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an
anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss
per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS. 


including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and
other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts
that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
&#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#148; requires disclosure of the fair value
of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#147;Financial
Instruments
&#148; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation
hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure
requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the
consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify
as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values
because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments
and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The
three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

    
    


      quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and
      inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or
      indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.
      

    
    


      unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.
  

instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
&#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#148; and ASC 815. 
Commitments and contingencies


arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other
sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and
the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated. 
Recent accounting pronouncements


 the FASB issued
guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated
guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to
calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment
charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess
of a reporting unit&#146;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1.
The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of
this guidance. 

 the FASB amended the
existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify
the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist
entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently
evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance. 





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement
of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total
of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in
the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present
transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted
cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently
evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial
statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of
Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the
income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when
the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the
impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification
of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The
Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on
the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued guidance
which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost
basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on
incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities
should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount
by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating
the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent
with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of
expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend
on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to
recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than
twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of
this guidance on the financial statements. 

 the FASB issued
guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and
measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance
primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
and disclosure of financial instruments. The Company is currently evaluating the
timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      on a going-concern basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets will
      be realized and liabilities will be settled in the ordinary course of
      business in the amounts disclosed in the financial statements. The
      Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern is greatly dependent on
      the Company&#146;s ability to realize its non-cash current assets such as
      receivables and inventory into cash in order to settle its current
      obligations. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company incurred a
      substantial loss of $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had
      a working capital deficit of approximately $21
086
641. These conditions
      raise substantial doubt as to whether the Company may continue as a going
      concern.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 the Company is working to obtain
      new working capital through private placements of its common stock or
      convertible debt securities to qualified
investors.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and
      notes payable. The funds are restricted from immediate use and are
      designated for settlement of loans or notes when they become
  due.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

to 60 days to the majority of its domestic customers
 which include third-party
distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers; international customers are
typically extended 90 days credit. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    







    
    
    

948
880



    

127
548




    
Allowance for






    





    

    
    




253







707



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    
    

901

    
    


    

    
    


    




    



    
    




206

    





    

    
    













  

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

562
185




    
    




840

    




689

    

    
    




840







251




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    




    



    
    
    

866

    
    

883

    

    





917






484




    
    
    


    
    


    

    

















    
    
    

356

    
    

964

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
: Accumulated depreciation





459

    




209

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




897

    




754




ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
934
411 and $2
075
599
 respectively.


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    




    



    
    
    

208

    
    

356

    

    

















    
    
    

252

    
    

404




    
:





666

    




595

    

    
    




586

    




808







style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


China. Land use rights represent the Company&#146;s purchase of usage rights for a
parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically 50 years.
Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 were
$299
177 and $682
391
 respectively. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2015
 the Company re-organized its French
      operations by merging the operations of Conserverie Minerve into its
      immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and dissolved
      Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to
      Conserverie Minerve and to continue its business. At the date of
      acquisition
 the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911(EUR
      2
968
089); the purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka
      Conserverie Minerve) was $2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its
      then subsidiaries gave rise to goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of
      December 31
 2015
 the surviving business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on
      a post merged basis
 recognized net operating losses during the year ended
      December 31
 2015. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to
      determine if the Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future
      profit and positive operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of
      goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928; accordingly
 the Company elected to
      write-off the goodwill that it had recognized during its acquisition of
      Conserverie Minerve. Conserverie Minerve had a goodwill of its own that
      had accumulated over the years as result of its acquisition of
      subsidiaries; at December 31
 2015
 the outstanding balance was
      $3
219
172. As mentioned in &#147;Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting
      Policies-Principles of Consolidation&#148;
 Conserverie Minerve has been
      liquidated and the Company no longer has any interest in Conserverie
      Minerve; accordingly
 all remaining goodwill has been de-
    recognized.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      loans for continuing operations consisted of the
  following:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Industrial and
      Commercial Bank of China



    




    



    


    
    
    
    

016

    

    





596






851




    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    





080





    



    


    

134

    
    
    
    

    





080





    



    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
      Linyi Branch
    
    
    
    
    
    

    





440






540



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Agricultural
      Bank of China
 Junan Branch


    




    



    


    
    
    
    

081

    

    




    




    


  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loan from Agricultural
      Bank of China
 Luotian Branch


    




    



    


    

440

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Agricultural Development Bank


    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    









    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

440

    
    

002

    

    


    


    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Ningbo

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

152

    
    

232

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

347

    
    

540

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Postal Savings Bank of
      China

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Bank of Rizhao

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    

540

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
China Construction
      Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Luotian County Ministry of Finance


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    


    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Huaxia Bank

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

440

    
    

540

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan
      Branch

    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

438

    
    

540

    

    


    

880

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Hubei Jincai Credit and Financial Services
      Co. Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    







    




    

    
    




667

    




446

    




Notes to Financial
Statements 

 which are
denominated in Renminbi and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working
capital. If not otherwise specifically indicated above
 short-term bank loans
are guaranteed either by other companies within the group
 or by personnel in
senior management positions within the group. 

 2016
 these
loans have not been repaid and are considered in default. The Company is in
negotiations to renew these loans or modify the repayment terms. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 debentures
 and
      long-term debt for continuing operations consisted of the
  following:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
Debenture issued by 5
Guoyuan Securities Co.
      Ltd.
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

921

    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Debenture issued by 2 private placement
      holders underwritten by
    
    
    
    
    
    

    



    

401

    
    

406

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Loans from Deutsche
      Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft
    
    
    
    
    



    



    

875

    
    

875

    

    



    

875

    
    

875

    

    



    

875

    
    

875

    
  
    
    




    




    

    
    




948

    




031

    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


with DEG in semi-annual installments on December 15
 2012. As of December 31
2016
 and 2015
 the Company had not repaid any principal. The loan was
collateralized with the following terms: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


      $12
000
000 on the Company&#146;s land and building in favor of DEG. 

    
    


 by Mr. Si Chen (a major shareholder
 and
      Chairman and CEO of the Company) as the sponsor of the loan
 to secure
      approximately USD $12
000
000 of the loan. 

    
    


      indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the
      pledged shares by Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should
      be at least USD 24
000
000 in aggregate. 

    
    

      substance satisfactory to DEG. 

DEG; accordingly
 on December 7
 2016
 DEG exercised its rights to foreclose on
10
794
066

debentures that were issued by Guoyuan Securities and Daiwa SSC Securities and
negotiating with the debenture holders to extend repayment terms. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

  following:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    
    


    
    

080

    

    
    
    


    
    

678

    

    


    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    





    




    

    
    





    




527

    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      continuing operations consisted of the
following:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    







    
Debenture issued by 5
Guoyuan Securities Co.
      Ltd.


    




    



    


    
    
    
    

544

    
  
    
    




    




    

    
    




    




544




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2015
 the Company issued
      987
500 shares as stock compensation to employees and 2
355
276 shares
      upon conversion of the convertible promissory note to Jade
  Lane.





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    

 2016
the Company issued 15
000 shares as stock compensation to employees. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is 25%.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the years
      ended December 31
 2016 and 2015:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


936

    
    

806
807

    

    
    





    




520

    

    
    




274

    




285

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

898

    
    

362

    

    
    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




898

    




362

    
Per Share Effect of Tax
Exemption

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




264

    




108

    

    
    




    







statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s effective tax rate was as follows
for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    






    




    

    
    




    




    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      as follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

973

    
    

619

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

259

    
    

916

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    





    




342

    

    
    




264

    




108

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Additions from Potential
      Events
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    




    

    
    




264

    




108

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

264

    
    

108

    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

 2013
 the Company
      entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land
      where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were
      signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and they expire on April 25
  2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      for these properties at December 31
 2016 are as
follows:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    




    




    





    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    



















    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    



















    
    





    




019

    





    

    
    




215







465











the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2016 was $2
857
577.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      leases classified as capital leases. For the year ended December 31
 2015
      the Company entered into the following capital
leases:





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease
      agreement in the amount of RMB 1
057
571
 which was approximately USD
      166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging
      machines
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate
      of 7% for a period of 36 months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018
      with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for
  RMB 1. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease
      agreement in the amount of RMB 2
805
493
 which was approximately USD
      441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an
      interest rate of 7% for a period of 36 months with an expiration date of
      June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 1. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 2
163
845
 which was approximately
      USD 340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an
      interest rate of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of
      February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the
      lease expiration for RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 530
439
 which was approximately USD
      83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest
      rate of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February
      25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 777
228
 which was approximately USD
      122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
      7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018
      with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for
      RMB 100. 

    
    


 2015
 the Company entered into a capital
      lease agreement in the amount of RMB 1
647
563
 which was approximately
      USD 259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate
      of 7% for a period of 30 months with an expiration date of February 25
      2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease
      expiration for RMB 100. 

future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present
value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2016: 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    

007




    
    
    
    

    







    
    

007

    

: Amount
      representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and
      insurance)

including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease








    




007

    

: Amount








    




007




  2016
 the present value of minimum lease payments due within one year is  $1
007
185. The Company recorded impairment on the leased assets that underlie  these lease obligations; the Company&rsquo;s management believes it is appropriate to  account for all remaining lease obligations as current given that these leased  assets are no longer generating long term benefits to the Company. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      Intermediate People&#146;s Court of Shandong Province
 which was initially
      filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan
      Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013
      at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi
      Court). Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group
      Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was
      first filed at the Linyi Court.
  
    
    
  
    
    

 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji
      entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in
      March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji
      also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop
      the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An
Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total of RMB 20 million
(approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of
the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was
due but unpaid in  Year. In deciding to bring suit
 Shandong Lorain and
the Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An
Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out-of-pocket expenses
paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid
to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided
to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB 10 million
(approximately $1
499
390). 




Notes to Financial
Statements 

 the Linyi Court held
its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a
counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out-of-pocket expenses
which would offset the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of
RMB 4
746
927 (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An
Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the
out-of-pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court
held a second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
2015
 Shandong Lorain received the Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong
Lorain's claim for RMB 10
000
000 against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment.
On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of
Shandong Province. 

 the Supreme Court of
Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case
back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial took place on April 25
 2016
at the Linyi City Intermediate People&#146;s Court
 and the decision thereon is
currently pending. 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

  following:

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    
    

833
130

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

838

    
    
    
    

    


    

184

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

207

    
    
    
    

    
    




848

    





    

    
    




911

    





    

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      and the financial position of Shandong Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 the
      Minerve Group as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding those
      discontinued operations are provided below.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
For
31





    




    

    
    
    

178
846

    
    

032
083

    

    
    




629

    




390

    

    
    
    

548

    
    

641

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

576

    
    

539

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




705

    




557

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

733

    
    

456

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    

153



  
    
    




    




    

    
    




187
947
    




609
269
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
Other income
      (expenses)




    




    

    
    
    

778

    
    

077

    

    
    
    

505

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

578

    
    
    
    

    


    

284

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

786

    

    
    





    




848

    

    
    




705

    




557




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
At December 31





    




    

    
    
    

745
847



    

570
853




    
    




362

    




051

    

    
    




108







621



  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




811







165




    
    




    





    

    
    
    

811
908



    

491
634



  
    
    




    




    

    
    




296







130



  
    
    




    




    

    
Total Liabilities &amp;
      Net Assets




108







621




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

966
135



    

036
952




    
: Allowance for doubtful





    




481

    

    
    




966







555




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    

    
    



503






488




    
    




    




750

    

    
    




503







239




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    
    

603

    
    

794

    

    
    


    









    

 plant and

    
    
    
    

331

    

    





201






703




    
    
    


    
    


    

    

















    
    
    

184

    
    

093

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
Accumulated depreciation





566

    




738

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




618

    




355




style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    




    



    
    
    

134

    
    

213

    

    




    




    



    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    





    




419

    

    
    
    

238

    
    

095

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
: Accumulated amortization






    





    

    
    





    




377








style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      
  
    
    
  
    
    

      recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company recognizes
      revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the
      goods passes upon departure from the Company&#146;s facilities; however
 in
      certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are
      afforded seven days inspection period after the receipt of goods at their
      premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the
      Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the
      Company&#146;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and
      revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
      inspection period
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions
      have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015.
      The Company has corrected this error and adjusted for the impact upon the
      Company&#146;s financial position and result of operations as detailed below
      which include the regrouping of amounts attributable to Discontinued
      Operations as discussed in Note 21 above.
  
    
    
  
    
    

      operations for the above mentioned financial statements is as follows for
      2015.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


315

    
    


571

    
    

743

    

    
    




197

    




076

    




120

    

    
    
    

118

    
    

494

    
    

623

    

    
    
    

052

    
    

494

    
    

558

    

    
    




728

    




    




728

    

    
    




324

    




494

    




829

    

    
    
    


191

    
    


494

    
    


686




errors on retained earnings and significant asset and liability accounts is as
follows: 

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    
    




    




    




    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

532

    
    

269

    
    

262

    

    
    
    

712

    
    

779

    
    

491

    

    
    




049

    




449

    




600

    

    
    
    

537

    
    

449

    
    

088

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

863

    
    

017

    
    

846

    

    
    




003

    




017

    




986

    

    
    
    

569

    
    

017

    
    

552

    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

389

    
    

370

    
    

019

    

    






968

    




431

    




536

    

    


    

537

    
    

449

    
    

088

    





style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

    


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
      

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 

  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      PRC. They do not carry federal deposit insurance and may be subject to
      loss of the banks become insolvent.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

 the age of account
      receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is
      subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      term loans become due and require refinancing.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Accordingly
 the Company&#146;s business
 financial condition
 and results of
      operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and
      legal environments in the PRC.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with
      companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks
      associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal
      environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#146;s results may be
      adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in
      the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and
      regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances
      abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for
      water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove
      waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased
      insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local
      environment.
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    
      
  
    
    
    
  
    
    
    

      Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&#146;s financial
      statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials
      and labor that cannot be passed to the Company&#146;s customers could adversely
      impact the Company&#146;s results of operations.
















   








Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-160822) and Form S-3 (No.
333-164605
 No. 333-169815 and No. 333-205927) of American Lorain Corporation of
our report dated October 30
 2017 with respect to the consolidated financial
statements of American Lorain Corporation
 which report appears in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of American Lorain Corporation of the year ended December
31
 2016.

style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 


    

 Professional Corporation 




 Professional Corporation
  


















   





PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 

 Si Chen
 certify that: 

Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 




material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



 2017 
  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    


  
















   





PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 

 Yunqiang Sun
 certify that: 

Lorain Corporation. 

 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
Registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the
Registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this
report is being prepared; 

financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to
be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

Registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


in the Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant&#146;s fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or
is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Registrant&#146;s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the Registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
Registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 




material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and 

 whether or not material
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
Registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



 2017 
  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    

    
















   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



 2017 
  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    


  
















   





AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2016
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
&#147;Report&#148;)
 the undersigned
 in the capacities and on the date indicated below
hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to his knowledge: 

13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

 in
all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 


style=BORDER-COLOR: black; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; 



 2017 
  
    
    
  
    
    

    



    

    






















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;1.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Organization and Principal Activities&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;American Lorain Corporation (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ALN&amp;#8221;) is registered as a corporation in the state of Nevada. The Company conducts its primary business activities through its subsidiaries located in the People&amp;#8217;s Republic of China. Those subsidiaries develop
 manufacture
 and market convenience foods
 chestnut products
 and frozen foods; these products are sold to both domestic markets and international markets.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Management has prepared the accompanying financial statements and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America; the Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Restatement of prior financial statements&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has discovered errors in the timing of revenues recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&amp;#8217;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&amp;#8217;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has rectified this error and the impact of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position and result of operations are detailed below.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
                  &lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;br/&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;Name of Company&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    100.0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    46
659
135
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    100.0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    44
861
741
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    80.2
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    12
123
985
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    100.0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    1
540
666
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    100.0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    3
797
774
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    100.0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    2
303
063
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    100.0
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    149
939
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          In 2014
 the Company invested $2
100
000
          in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy by creditors
 and
 ultimately liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and written of the value of its investment in Minerve. All receivables due by Minerve to subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have been written off. The Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements at December 31
 2015 have been recast to provide improved comparability for the Company&amp;#8217;s continuing operations.
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management has eliminated all significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds
          19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however
 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company considers all highly liquid investments purchased with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Investment securities&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Premiums and discounts are amortized or accreted over the life of the related available-for-sale security as an adjustment to yield using the effective-interest method. Dividend and interest income are recognized when earned.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trade receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoice amount less allowance for any uncollectible amounts. An estimate for doubtful accounts is made when collection of the full amount is no longer probable. Bad debts are written off as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Advances and prepayments to suppliers&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company makes advance payment to suppliers and vendors for the procurement of raw materials. Upon physical receipt and inspection of the raw materials from suppliers the applicable amount is reclassified from advances and prepayments to suppliers to inventory.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&amp;#8217;s typically applies a salvage value of
          0% to
          10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
        &lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                    20
                    -
                    40
                    years
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
                    30
                    years
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                    1
                    -
                    10
                    years
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
                    10
                    years
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                    5
                    years
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts
 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and construction costs for plants
 and costs of acquisition and installation of related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified in this account.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Land use rights&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
          40
          -
          50
          years.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
 then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired
 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
          10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
          50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.
        &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
                      &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    &lt;i&gt;
                      &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
                    &lt;/i&gt;
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Period/year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    6.9437
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    6.4907
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Period/annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    6.6430
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    6.2175
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Period/year end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    0.8919
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    0.9168
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
                &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                  &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Period/annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    0.8960
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                    0.9011
                  &lt;/td&gt;
                  &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The RMB is not freely convertible into foreign currencies and all foreign exchange transactions must be conducted through authorized financial institutions.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue in accordance to guidance found in Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104
 where persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 the price has been fixed or is determinable
 the delivery has been completed and no other significant obligations of the Company exists
 and collectability of payment is reasonably assured. Payments received prior to all of the foregoing criteria are recorded as customer deposits. Recorded revenue is derived from the value of goods invoiced less value-added tax (VAT).&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All advertising costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All outbound shipping and handling costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Research and development&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;All research and development costs are expensed as incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Retirement benefits in the form of mandatory government sponsored defined contribution plans are charged to the either expenses as incurred or allocated to inventory as part of overhead.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260
 &amp;#8220;Earnings per share&amp;#8221;. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
                &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&amp;#8221; and ASC 815.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
          &lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;
        &lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Method of accounting&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Management has prepared the accompanying financial statements and these notes in accordance to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America; the Company maintains its general ledger and journals with the accrual method accounting.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Restatement of prior financial statements&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has discovered errors in the timing of revenues recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&amp;#8217;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&amp;#8217;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has rectified this error and the impact of the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position and result of operations are detailed below.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Principles of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the assets
 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;Name of Company&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                100.0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                46
659
135
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                100.0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                44
861
741
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                80.2
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                12
123
985
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                100.0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                100.0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
797
774
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                100.0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
303
063
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                100.0
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                149
939
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In 2014
 the Company invested $2
100
000
      in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy by creditors
 and
 ultimately liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and written of the value of its investment in Minerve. All receivables due by Minerve to subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have been written off. The Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated financial statements at December 31
 2015 have been recast to provide improved comparability for the Company&amp;#8217;s continuing operations.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Management has eliminated all significant inter-company balances and transactions in preparing the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Ownership interests of subsidiaries that the Company does not wholly-own are accounted for as non-controlling interests.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds
      19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.


      &lt;b&gt;Use of estimates&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The preparation of the financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made; however


      &lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Investment securities&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company classifies securities it holds for investment purposes into trading or available-for-sale. Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term. All securities not included in trading securities are classified as available-for-sale.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Trading and available-for-sale securities are recorded at fair value. Unrealized holding gains and losses on trading securities are included in the net income. Unrealized holding gains and losses
 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;A decline in the market value of any available-for-sale security below cost that is deemed to be other-than-temporary results in a reduction in carrying amount to fair value. The impairment is charged as an expense to the statement of income and comprehensive income and a new cost basis for the security is established. To determine whether impairment is other-than-temporary
 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.&lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods which are stated at the lower of cost or market value. Finished goods are comprised of direct materials
 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs


      &lt;b&gt;Advances and prepayments to suppliers&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&amp;#8217;s typically applies a salvage value of
      0% to
      10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                20
                -
                40
                years
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
                30
                years
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                1
                -
                10
                years
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
                10
                years
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
                5
                years
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts


      &lt;b&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Construction in progress and prepayments for equipment represent direct and indirect acquisition and construction costs for plants


      &lt;b&gt;Land use rights&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
      40
      -
      50
      years.


      &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired in a business combination. The Company conducts an annual assessment of its goodwill for impairment. If the carrying value of its goodwill exceeds its fair value
 then impairment has incurred; accordingly


      &lt;b&gt;Accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company annually reviews its long-lived assets for impairment or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of assets may not be recoverable. Impairment may be the result of becoming obsolete from a change in the industry
 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;If an asset is considered impaired


      &lt;b&gt;Statutory reserves&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
      10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
      50% of the enterprise&amp;#8217;s PRC registered capital.


      &lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The accompanying financial statements are presented in United States dollars. The functional currencies of the Company are the Renminbi (RMB) and the Euro (EUR). The Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities are translated into United States dollars from RMB and EUR at year-end exchange rates
 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Period/year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6.9437
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6.4907
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Period/annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6.6430
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6.2175
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Period/year end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.8919
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.9168
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Period/annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.8960
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                0.9011
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes revenue in accordance to guidance found in Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) 104
 where persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 the price has been fixed or is determinable
 the delivery has been completed and no other significant obligations of the Company exists


      &lt;b&gt;Advertising&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Shipping and handling&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Research and development&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Retirement benefits&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;


      &lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company accounts for income tax using an asset and liability approach and allows for recognition of deferred tax benefits in future years. Under the asset and liability approach
 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits


      &lt;b&gt;Comprehensive income&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company uses FASB ASC Topic 220
 &amp;#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&amp;#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&amp;#8217; equity


      &lt;b&gt;Earnings per share&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company computes earnings per share (&amp;#8220;EPS&amp;#8221;) in accordance with ASC Topic 260


      &lt;b&gt;Financial instruments&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s financial instruments
 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &amp;#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&amp;#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &amp;#8220;Financial Instruments
&amp;#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 1 - inputs to the valuation methodology used quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Level 3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value measurement.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity


      &lt;b&gt;Commitments and contingencies&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;Liabilities for loss contingencies arising from claims
 assessments
 litigation


      &lt;b&gt;Recent accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In November 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In October 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In August 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In February 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In January 2016
 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Place of&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Attributable equity&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Registered&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;Name of Company&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;incorporation&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;interest %&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;capital&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;International Lorain Holding Inc.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;Cayman Islands&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            46
659
135
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            44
861
741
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            80.2
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            12
123
985
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beijing Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Luotian Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
797
774
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Shandong Greenpia Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
303
063
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Dongguan Lorain Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            100.0
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            149
939
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
            20
            -
            40
            years
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
            30
            years
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
            1
            -
            10
            years
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=40%&gt;
            10
            years
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=15%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff&gt;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff width=40%&gt;
            5
            years
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Period/year end RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6.9437
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6.4907
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Period/annual average RMB: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6.6430
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6.2175
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Period/year end EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.8919
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.9168
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Period/annual average EUR: US$ exchange rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.8960
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            0.9011
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;3.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Going Concern&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets will be realized and liabilities will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the amounts disclosed in the financial statements. The Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is greatly dependent on the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to realize its non-cash current assets such as receivables and inventory into cash in order to settle its current obligations. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company incurred a substantial loss of $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately $21
086
641. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to whether the Company may continue as a going concern.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;To improve its solvency
 the Company is working to obtain new working capital through private placements of its common stock or convertible debt securities to qualified investors.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;4.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Restricted cash represents interest bearing deposits placed with banks to secure banking facilities in the form of loans and notes payable. The funds are restricted from immediate use and are designated for settlement of loans or notes when they become due.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;5.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Trade Receivables&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company extends credit terms of
      15
      to
      60
      days to the majority of its domestic customers
 which include third-party distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers; international customers are typically extended
      90
      days credit.
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
948
880
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                37
127
548
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Allowance for doubtful accounts
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (695
547
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (420
196
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
253
333
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                36
707
352
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
901
811
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (421
464
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off against allowance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
206
263
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
268
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (695
547
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (420
196
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
948
880
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            37
127
548
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Allowance for doubtful accounts
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (695
547
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (420
196
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
253
333
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            36
707
352
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Allowance for bad debt:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
901
811
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (421
464
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Additions to allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Bad debt written-off against allowance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
206
263
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
268
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Ending balance&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (695
547
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (420
196
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;6.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
562
185
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
840
748
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
689
027
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
840
748
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                28
251
212
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
562
185
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
840
748
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
689
027
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
840
748
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            28
251
212
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;7.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                58
866
129
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                62
883
574
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
917
774
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
484
858
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                418
048
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                430
317
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                154
687
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                165
483
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                66
356
368
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                71
964
232
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                : Accumulated depreciation
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (14
459
355
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (13
209
478
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                51
897
283
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                58
754
754
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
934
411
      and $2
075
599
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            58
866
129
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            62
883
574
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
917
774
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
484
858
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            418
048
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            430
317
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            154
687
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            165
483
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            66
356
368
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            71
964
232
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Accumulated depreciation
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (14
459
355
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (13
209
478
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            51
897
283
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            58
754
754
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;8.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                14
208
013
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
356
397
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Utilities rights&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
800
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                47
926
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                14
252
813
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
404
323
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                : Accumulated amortization
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
666
298
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
595
747
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                12
586
515
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
808
576
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      All land is owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
      50
      years. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 were $299
177
      and $682
391
 respectively.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            14
208
013
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
356
397
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Utilities rights&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
800
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            47
926
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            14
252
813
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
404
323
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Accumulated amortization
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
666
298
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
595
747
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            12
586
515
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
808
576
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;9.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 8
 2015
 the Company re-organized its French operations by merging the operations of Conserverie Minerve into its immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and dissolved Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to Conserverie Minerve and to continue its business. At the date of acquisition
 the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911
              (EUR2
968
089); the purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka Conserverie Minerve) was $2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its then subsidiaries gave rise to goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of December 31
 2015
 the surviving business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on a post merged basis
 recognized net operating losses during the year ended December 31
 2015. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to determine if the Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future profit and positive operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928
              ; accordingly
 the Company elected to write-off the goodwill that it had recognized during its acquisition of Conserverie Minerve. Conserverie Minerve had a goodwill of its own that had accumulated over the years as result of its acquisition of subsidiaries; at December 31
 2015
 the outstanding balance was $3
219
172. As mentioned in &amp;#8220;Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies-Principles of Consolidation&amp;#8221;
 Conserverie Minerve has been liquidated and the Company no longer has any interest in Conserverie Minerve; accordingly
 all remaining goodwill has been de- recognized.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;10.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Bank Loans&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Bank loans include bank overdrafts and short-term bank loans for continuing operations consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.305% per annum; due 1/4/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
016
839
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
596
461
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
851
665
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.02% per annum; due 12/26/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 4/30/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
080
116
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
134
842
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
080
116
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 8/2/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                950
502
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
                5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
440
154
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.52% per annum due 9/5/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
081
332
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.655% per annum due 1/31/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.65% per annum due 4/22/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
440
154
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
                5.6% per annum due 1/6/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                770
333
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 1/14/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
440
154
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
002
866
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 2/4/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                432
046
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 9/7/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                432
046
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
152
124
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
232
533
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
347
047
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                374
440
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                400
573
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Bank of Rizhao
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum due 1/19/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                720
077
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                770
333
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Luotian County Ministry of Finance
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                616
266
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                5.66% per annum due 5/19/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
440
154
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
438
707
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
540
666
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 11/24/2016*
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
880
310
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Hubei Jincai Credit and Financial Services Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
                9.00% per annum due 1/12/2017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                288
032
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                22
667
482
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                21
446
069
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The short-term loans
 which are denominated in Renminbi and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise specifically indicated above
 short-term bank loans are guaranteed either by other companies within the group
 or by personnel in senior management positions within the group.&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;* Note: As of December 31
 2016


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Short-term Bank Loans&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2016&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;12/31/2015&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.305% per annum; due 1/4/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
016
839
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
596
461
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
851
665
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.02% per annum; due 12/26/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 4/30/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
080
116
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
134
842
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
080
116
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 8/2/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            950
502
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from China Minsheng Bank Corporation
 Linyi Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
            5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
440
154
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Junan Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.52% per annum due 9/5/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
081
332
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.655% per annum due 1/31/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loan from Agricultural Bank of China
 Luotian Branch&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.65% per annum due 4/22/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
440
154
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Agricultural Development Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;Interest rate at
            5.6% per annum due 1/6/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            770
333
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Luotian Sanliqiao Credit Union
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 1/14/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
440
154
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
002
866
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 2/4/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            432
046
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 9/7/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            432
046
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of Ningbo
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
152
124
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
232
533
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Hankou Bank
 Guanggu Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
347
047
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Postal Savings Bank of China
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            374
440
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            400
573
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Bank of Rizhao
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum due 1/19/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;China Construction Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            720
077
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            770
333
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Luotian County Ministry of Finance
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            616
266
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Huaxia Bank
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            5.66% per annum due 5/19/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
440
154
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;City of Linyi Commercial Bank
 Junan Branch
&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
438
707
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
540
666
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 11/24/2016*
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
880
310
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Hubei Jincai Credit and Financial Services Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;&amp;#8226; Interest rate at
            9.00% per annum due 1/12/2017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            288
032
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            22
667
482
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            21
446
069
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;11.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Current Portion &amp;#8211; Long Term Debt&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Current portions of notes payable
 debentures
 and long-term debt for continuing operations consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
921
756
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  2
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
                9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                14
401
544
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                15
406
658
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
875
000
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                28
948
300
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                21
031
659
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The Company began repaying its loan with DEG in semi-annual installments on December 15
 2012. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company had not repaid any principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              A first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD $12
000
000
              on the Company&amp;#8217;s land and building in favor of DEG.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              A share pledge
 by Mr. Si Chen (a major shareholder
 and Chairman and CEO of the Company) as the sponsor of the loan
 to secure approximately USD $12
000
000
              of the loan.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares by Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000
              in aggregate.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=90%&gt;A personal guarantee by Mr. Si Chen in form and substance satisfactory to DEG.&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The Company defaulted on its loan with DEG; accordingly
 on December 7
 2016
 DEG exercised its rights to foreclose on
      10
794
066
      shares pledged by Mr. Si Chen.
    &lt;/p&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              5
              private placement holders underwritten by
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
            10% per annum due 8/28/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
921
756
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              2
              private placement holders underwritten by
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Daiwa SSC Securities Co. Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
            9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            14
401
544
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            15
406
658
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Loans from Deutsche Investitions-und Entwicklungsgesellschaft&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;mbH (&amp;#8220;DEG&amp;#8221;)&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
875
000
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            28
948
300
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            21
031
659
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;12.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Taxes Payable&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Taxes payable consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Value added tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
562
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                731
080
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Corporate income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
151
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
678
568
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Employee payroll tax withholdings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
684
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
046
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Property tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                72
245
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                40
058
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Stamp duty&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                161
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                172
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Land use tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                134
827
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                72
974
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Local tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
176
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                248
807
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
527
899
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Value added tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
562
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            731
080
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Corporate income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
151
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
678
568
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Employee payroll tax withholdings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
684
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
046
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Property tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            72
245
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            40
058
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Stamp duty&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            161
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            172
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Land use tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            134
827
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            72
974
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Local tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
176
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            248
807
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
527
899
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;13.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Long Term Debt&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Non-current portions of notes payable and debentures for continuing operations consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                &lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
                &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                9
544
425
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                9
544
425
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              Debenture issued by
              5
              private placement holders underwritten by
            &lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Guoyuan Securities Co.
 Ltd.&lt;/i&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
            &amp;#160;&amp;#8226;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Interest rate at
            10% per annum due 8/28/2016
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            9
544
425
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            9
544
425
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;14.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Equity&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company issued
              987
500
              shares as stock compensation to employees and
              2
355
276
              shares upon conversion of the convertible promissory note to Jade Lane.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued
      15
000
      shares as stock compensation to employees.

  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;15.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              All of the Company&amp;#8217;s continuing operations are located in the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is
              25%.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The following tables provide the reconciliation of the differences between the statutory and effective tax expenses for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;(Loss) income attributed to PRC continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (84
936
317
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                11
806
807
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to U.S. operations&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (338
200
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
520
892
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;(Loss) income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (85
274
517
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
285
915
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                PRC Statutory Tax at
                25% Rate
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
898
616
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
362
784
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
898
616
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
362
784
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      &lt;i&gt;
        &lt;u&gt;Per Share Effect of Tax Exemption&lt;/u&gt;
      &lt;/i&gt;
    &lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding basic&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                38
264
874
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                37
108
688
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The difference between the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate was as follows for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                35%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
                10%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
                10%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
                27.22%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
                27.23%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
                2.22%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
                2.23%
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;(Loss) income attributed to PRC continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (84
936
317
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            11
806
807
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss attributed to U.S. operations&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (338
200
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
520
892
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;(Loss) income before tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (85
274
517
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
285
915
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            PRC Statutory Tax at
            25% Rate
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
898
616
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
362
784
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Income tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
898
616
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
362
784
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Effect of tax exemption granted&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding basic&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            38
264
874
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            37
108
688
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Per share effect&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;U.S. federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            35%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            35%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Lower rates in PRC
 net&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
            10%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
            10%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Non-deductible GAAP expenses in the PRC&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
            27.22%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
            27.23%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
            2.22%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
            2.23%
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
					&lt;b&gt;16.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						&lt;b&gt;(Loss) Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
			&lt;tr&gt;
				&lt;td width=5%&gt;
					&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
				&lt;td&gt;
					&lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
						Components of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
				&lt;/td&gt;
			&lt;/tr&gt;
		&lt;/table&gt;
		&lt;br /&gt;
							&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;2016&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;2015&lt;/u&gt; &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share numerator&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp; &amp;nbsp;(Loss attributable) income available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(135
973
101&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							$&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							2
619
528&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							38
259
490&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							34
916
714&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							-Issuance of common stock&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							15
000&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							3
342
776&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Basic weighted average shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							38
264
874&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							- Exercise of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							-&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Diluted weighted average shares outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							38
264
874&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							(Loss) earnings per share from continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(2.28&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							0.19&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Loss per share from discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(1.28&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(0.12&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							Loss per share&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(3.55&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							(0.07&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							)&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
							Weighted average shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;
					&lt;tr valign=top&gt;
						&lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
							- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							38
264
874&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
							37
108
688&lt;/td&gt;
						&lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
							&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt;
					&lt;/tr&gt;


    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2016&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        &lt;b&gt;
          &lt;u&gt;2015&lt;/u&gt;
        &lt;/b&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share numerator&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;(Loss attributable) income available to common stockholders&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (135
973
101
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        2
619
528
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Original Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        38
259
490
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        34
916
714
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Additions from Actual Events&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;-Issuance of common stock&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        15
000
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        3
342
776
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Basic weighted average shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        38
264
874
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Dilutive Shares:&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
        &lt;i&gt;Additions from Potential Events&lt;/i&gt;
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Exercise of warrants&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        -
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Diluted weighted average shares outstanding:&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        38
264
874
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;(Loss) earnings per share from continuing operations&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (2.28
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        0.19
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share from discontinued operations&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (1.28
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (0.12
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss per share&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (3.55
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        (0.07
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
      &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;- Basic and diluted&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        38
264
874
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
        37
108
688
      &lt;/td&gt;
      &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;17.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Lease Commitments&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and they expire on April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The minimum future lease payments for these properties at December 31
 2016 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                74
420
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                89
258
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                10
711
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                74
420
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                89
258
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                10
711
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                74
420
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                89
258
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                10
711
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 4&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                74
420
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                89
258
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                10
711
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 5&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                74
420
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                89
258
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                10
711
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 6 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                843
427
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                1
019
029
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                123
177
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                1
215
527
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                1
465
319
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
                176
732
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 10%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2016 was $2
857
577.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Period&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 1&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 2&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            &lt;u&gt;Greenhouse 3&lt;/u&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 4&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 5&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            74
420
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            89
258
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            10
711
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 6 and thereafter&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            843
427
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            1
019
029
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            123
177
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            1
215
527
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            1
465
319
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=10%&gt;
            176
732
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;18.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Capital Lease Obligations&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company leases certain machinery and equipment under leases classified as capital leases. For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company entered into the following capital leases:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;(a.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
057
571
 which was approximately USD166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging machines
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              36
              months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;(b.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
805
493
 which was approximately USD441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              36
              months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;(c.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
163
845
 which was approximately USD340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;(d.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB530
439
 which was approximately USD83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;(e.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB777
228
 which was approximately USD122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=5%&gt;(f.)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left width=85%&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
647
563
 which was approximately USD259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The following is a schedule showing the future minimum lease payments under capital leases together with the present value of the net minimum lease payments as of December 31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;div align=center&gt;
                  &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=70%&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  1
007
185
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  1
007
185
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                  : Amount representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)
                  &lt;br/&gt;
                  including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  -
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  1
007
185
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                  &lt;i&gt;
                    &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                  &lt;/i&gt;
                  : Amount representing interest
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
              &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Present value of net minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
                  1
007
185
                &lt;/td&gt;
                &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;/tr&gt;
          &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;/div&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      As of December 31
 2016
 the present value of minimum lease payments due within one year is $1
007
185. The Company recorded impairment on the leased assets that underlie these lease obligations; the Company&amp;#8217;s management believes it is appropriate to account for all remaining lease obligations as current given that these leased assets are no longer generating long term benefits to the Company.


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 1&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            1
007
185
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Year 2&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Year 3&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            1
007
185
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Amount representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)
            &lt;br/&gt;
            including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Net minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            1
007
185
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Amount representing interest
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Present value of net minimum lease payments&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(0, 0, 0); valign=bottom width=13%&gt;
            1
007
185
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;19.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Contingencies and Litigation&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;There is a lawsuit currently pending in the Linyi City Intermediate People&amp;#8217;s Court of Shandong Province
 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi Court). Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was first filed at the Linyi Court.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              In December 2010
 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji
 also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total of RMB20
              million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due but unpaid in Year. In deciding to bring suit
 Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out-of-pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB10
              million (approximately $1
499
390).
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
        &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;
      In January 2014
 the Linyi Court held its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out-of-pocket expenses which would offset the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB4
746
927
      (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out-of-pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court held a second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received the Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB10
000
000
      against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province.
    &lt;/p&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;In November 2015
 the Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial took place on April 25
 2016
 at the Linyi City Intermediate People&amp;#8217;s Court

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;20.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Other Expenses&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Other expense consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
833
130
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                20
838
366
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
184
309
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
207
563
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
848
087
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                392
683
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                45
911
455
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                392
683
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
833
130
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            20
838
366
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
184
309
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of construction in progress&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
207
563
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
848
087
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            392
683
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            45
911
455
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            392
683
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;21.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has reclassified the results of operations and the financial position of Shandong Lorain
 Dongguan Lorain
 the Minerve Group as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Results of Operations&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;br/&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;For the years ended December&lt;/b&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                35
178
846
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                66
032
083
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                29
629
863
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                57
390
872
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                5
548
982
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
641
211
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                24
576
521
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                9
539
844
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (29
705
992
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (7
557
485
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss before taxes&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (48
733
531
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (8
456
119
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Taxes&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                454
416
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
153
151
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;b&gt;
                  (49
187
947
                &lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &amp;#160;
                &lt;strong&gt;
                  (9
609
269
                &lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
                &lt;strong&gt;)&lt;/strong&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                245
778
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
077
521
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
505
342
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (8
578
662
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (19
284
481
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of goodwill&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (6
786
928
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (583
285
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (1
848
078
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
                )
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (29
705
992
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (7
557
485
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Financial Position&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;At December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
745
847
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                70
570
853
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Non-Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
362
855
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                32
051
046
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                36
108
702
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                102
621
899
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
811
908
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                43
165
043
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total Long Term Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                326
591
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
811
908
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                43
491
634
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net Assets&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                22
296
795
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                59
130
265
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities &amp;amp; Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                36
108
702
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                102
621
899
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
966
135
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                22
036
952
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                : Allowance for doubtful accounts
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (5
481
615
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
966
135
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                16
555
337
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
503
460
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
488
996
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                8
750
858
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                4
503
460
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                22
239
854
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                12
603
279
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
794
637
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                209
010
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                10
331
020
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                6
201
595
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                13
703
772
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
170
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                628
952
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                377
456
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                426
562
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                19
184
500
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                45
093
953
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;Less&lt;/i&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
                Accumulated depreciation
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (6
566
417
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (21
738
392
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                12
618
083
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                23
355
561
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
134
128
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
213
281
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Utilities rights&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Software&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                102
761
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                463
246
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Patent&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
358
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
419
428
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                1
238
247
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                3
095
955
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
                &lt;i&gt;
                  &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
                &lt;/i&gt;
                : Accumulated amortization
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (373
784
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                (718
017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                864
463
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
                2
377
938
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Results of Operations&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;br/&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;For the years ended December&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            35
178
846
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            66
032
083
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            29
629
863
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            57
390
872
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            5
548
982
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
641
211
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            24
576
521
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            9
539
844
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (29
705
992
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (7
557
485
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Loss before taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (48
733
531
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (8
456
119
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Taxes&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            454
416
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
153
151
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;b&gt;
              (49
187
947
            &lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;)&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &amp;#160;
            &lt;strong&gt;
              (9
609
269
            &lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
            &lt;strong&gt;)&lt;/strong&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Other income (expenses)&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Other income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            245
778
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
077
521
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of investment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
505
342
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of inventory&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (8
578
662
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of property and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (19
284
481
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Impairment of goodwill&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (6
786
928
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Other&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (583
285
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (1
848
078
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;
            )
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (29
705
992
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (7
557
485
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Financial Position&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;At December 31
&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
745
847
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            70
570
853
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Non-Current Assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
362
855
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            32
051
046
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            36
108
702
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            102
621
899
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Current Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
811
908
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            43
165
043
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total Long Term Liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            326
591
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
811
908
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            43
491
634
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net Assets&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            22
296
795
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            59
130
265
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities &amp;amp; Net Assets&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            36
108
702
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            102
621
899
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
966
135
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            22
036
952
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Allowance for doubtful accounts
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (5
481
615
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
966
135
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            16
555
337
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td nowrap=nowrap width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Raw materials&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
503
460
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
488
996
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Finished goods&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            8
750
858
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            4
503
460
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            22
239
854
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Buildings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            12
603
279
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
794
637
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            209
010
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Landscaping
 plant and tree&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            10
331
020
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Machinery and equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            6
201
595
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            13
703
772
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Office equipment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
170
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            628
952
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160; &amp;#160;Motor vehicles&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            377
456
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            426
562
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            19
184
500
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            45
093
953
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;Less&lt;/i&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;:&lt;/i&gt;
            Accumulated depreciation
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (6
566
417
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (21
738
392
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            12
618
083
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            23
355
561
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;At Cost:&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Land use rights&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
134
128
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
213
281
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Utilities rights&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Software&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            102
761
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            463
246
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160; &amp;#160;Patent&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
358
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
419
428
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            1
238
247
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            3
095
955
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;
            &lt;i&gt;
              &lt;u&gt;Less&lt;/u&gt;
            &lt;/i&gt;
            : Accumulated amortization
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (373
784
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            (718
017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            864
463
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double valign=bottom width=12%&gt;
            2
377
938
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;22.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Correction of Error&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company discovered errors in the timing of revenues recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&amp;#8217;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days inspection period after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&amp;#8217;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days inspection period
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has corrected this error and adjusted for the impact upon the Company&amp;#8217;s financial position and result of operations as detailed below
 which include the regrouping of amounts attributable to Discontinued Operations as discussed in Note 21 above.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The effect of correction of these errors on results of operations for the above mentioned financial statements is as follows for 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;As previously reported&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Restated&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                215
315
437
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (8
571
793
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                206
743
644
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                179
197
430
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (7
076
892
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                172
120
538
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                36
118
006
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
494
900
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                34
623
106
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Operating income&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                14
052
920
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
494
900
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                12
558
020
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total other expense&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (10
728
224
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                -
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (10
728
224
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss before tax&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                3
324
696
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
494
900
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                1
829
796
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
191
239
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
494
900
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (2
686
139
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;p align=justify style=margin-left: 5%; font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;&gt;The effect of correction of these errors on retained earnings and significant asset and liability accounts is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
              &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;As previously reported&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Restated&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                62
532
017
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (9
269
327
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                53
262
690
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                43
712
048
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                6
779
018
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                50
491
066
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total current asset&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                191
049
927
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (2
449
159
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                188
600
768
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total asset&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                309
537
530
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (2
449
159
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                307
088
371
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                5
863
261
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
017
181
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                4
846
080
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                97
003
426
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
017
181
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                95
986
245
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                107
569
431
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
017
181
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                106
552
250
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                101
389
920
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
370
586
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                100
019
334
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                201
968
099
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (1
431
978
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                200
536
121
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;
            &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
              &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                309
537
531
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                (2
449
160
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
                307
088
371
              &lt;/td&gt;
              &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
            &lt;/tr&gt;


        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;As previously reported&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Restated&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Sales&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            215
315
437
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (8
571
793
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            206
743
644
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            179
197
430
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (7
076
892
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            172
120
538
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Gross profit&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            36
118
006
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
494
900
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            34
623
106
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Operating income&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            14
052
920
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
494
900
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            12
558
020
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total other expense&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (10
728
224
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            -
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (10
728
224
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Loss before tax&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            3
324
696
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
494
900
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            1
829
796
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Net loss&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
191
239
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
494
900
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (2
686
139
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;As previously reported&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Adjustment&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;Restated&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=center nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            62
532
017
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (9
269
327
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            53
262
690
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Inventory&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            43
712
048
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            6
779
018
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            50
491
066
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total current asset&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            191
049
927
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (2
449
159
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            188
600
768
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total asset&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            309
537
530
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (2
449
159
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            307
088
371
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            5
863
261
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
017
181
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            4
846
080
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total current liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            97
003
426
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
017
181
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            95
986
245
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total liabilities&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            107
569
431
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
017
181
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            106
552
250
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=11%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Retained earnings&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            101
389
920
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
370
586
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            100
019
334
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom&gt;Total stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            201
968
099
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (1
431
978
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right bgcolor=#e6efff style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            200
536
121
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left bgcolor=#e6efff valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr valign=top&gt;
          &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom&gt;Total liabilities and stockholders&amp;#8217; equity&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            309
537
531
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            (2
449
160
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=right valign=bottom width=11%&gt;
            307
088
371
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td align=left valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;
            &lt;b&gt;23.&lt;/b&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;
              &lt;b&gt;Risks&lt;/b&gt;
            &lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
    &lt;/table&gt;
    &lt;br/&gt;
    &lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=border-color: black; font-size: 10pt; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: times,serif; width=100%&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;A.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Credit risk&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s deposits are made with banks located in the PRC. They do not carry federal deposit insurance and may be subject to loss of the banks become insolvent.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Since the Company&amp;#8217;s inception
 the age of account receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;B.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Interest risk&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The company is subject to interest rate risk when short term loans become due and require refinancing.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;C.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Economic and political risks&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations are conducted in the PRC. Accordingly
 the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s operations in the PRC are subject to special considerations and significant risks not typically associated with companies in North America and Western Europe. These include risks associated with
 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&amp;#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;D.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Environmental risks&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;The Company has procured environmental licenses required by the PRC government. The Company has both a water treatment facility for water used in its production process and secure transportation to remove waste off site. In the event of an accident
 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td valign=top width=5%&gt;E.&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Inflation Risk&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;
        &lt;tr&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;
          &lt;td&gt;
            &lt;p align=justify style=font-family: times,serif; font-size: 10pt;margin:inherit;&gt;Management monitors changes in prices levels. Historically inflation has not materially impacted the company&amp;#8217;s financial statements; however
 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed to the Company&amp;#8217;s customers could adversely impact the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations.&lt;/p&gt;
          &lt;/td&gt;
        &lt;/tr&gt;



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    














    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    



 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015




 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 38
274
490 and 38
260
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 and 2015



    


    


    


    


    


    


    



























 Shares




 Shares



    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    






    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    

    
    

    


    


    

    

    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 other receivables
 advances to suppliers



    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    
    

    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    

    

    








    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    






    


    


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


    

    

    


    


    


    

    

    

    


 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



    


    

    

    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    

    

    


    


    



 Stock Options



    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    





















































































    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    


 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement


    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 form10kx6x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2C('4B@U2O;P6AB7R99GE8A$C

M7_H%WW_?*?\ Q5']IR_] N^_[Y3_ .*H TJ*S?[3E_Z!=]_WRG_Q5']IR_\

M?^@7??\ ?*?_ !5']IR_] N^_P^4_\ BJ -*BLW^TY?^@7??]\I_P#%4?VG
M+_T[[_OE/\ XJ@#2HK._M.7_H%WW_?*?_%4G]IR_P#0+OO^^4_^*H TJ*S?
M[3E_Z!=]_P!\I_\ %4?VG+_T[[_ +Y3_P*H TJ*S?[3E_Z!=]_WRG_ 
51



]?44
M7Z6D'2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***


M(RS2+'&O5G. /J:?N&
YXK OS/#%J=ZMU


\




M:4KD$E@0


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
$R-*8TW?WMN/Q__ %5G:J&-IJDD;/'+\L2NIY4  \?BQ-10W<PGL;2:

C*I!)RI'!^OZ4@@A1-JQ1JO4 (
'
MTKG[/Q



YP*(;N]ADU.2X%I#.@CQYDQ$73J3CO_ $I@;#6L!'EM#$5R2%V




MPX!_IZ* &!

:.X8HC/C*'T!H U!
M2UG#6K+UG_\  :3_ .)I?[:LO6?_ 
!I/_B: -BL_\ MJR]9_\ P&D_^)H_
MMJR]9_\ P&D_^)H T**S_PVK+UG_P# :3_XFC^VK+UG_P# :3_XF@#0HK/_
M +:LO6?_ 
!I/_B:/[:LO6?_ 
!I/_B: -BL_\ MJR]9_\ P&D_^)H_MJR]
M9_\ P&D_^)H T**S_PVK+UG_P# :3_XFC^VK+UG_P# :3_XF@#0HK/_ +:L
MO6?_ 
!I/_B:/[:LO6?_ 
!I/_B: +]!&:S_ .VK+UG_ / :3_XFC^VK+UG_


MP&D_^)H T**S_PVK+UG_P# :3_XFC^VK+UG_P# :3_XF@#0HK/_ +:LO6?_
M ,!I/_B:/[:LO6?_ ,!I/_B: -BL_\ MJR]9_\ P&D_^)H_MJR]9_\ P&D_


WW_?
M$'_QNC^SKK_H
WW_ 'Q!_P#&Z -BL_^SKK_ *#-]_WQ!_\ &Z/[.N?^@S??
M]\0?_&Z -BL_P#LZY_Z#-]_WQ!_\;H.GW/_ $&;[_OB#_XW0!H45GC3[D_\





MXXX7C&/U%:KZ=9.9M]I WG8\W
8._'(SZT#3[
^2WV2#
(Q&?+'R#_9]/PH




2%QTX!/]*L5G7O\ R%=-
M_P!^3_T T :(Z4M(.E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 E5[^)I[&YB3&Z2)D'..2

MR86JT.KSSWD]K'8AIH OF+YZ\;NGZ5KRE_+;RPI;'&XX&:XC0]$UJR\2S7DE


MXY&;S@V K ]OI6L*4@'J** %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M9)QCOF@!:*I'5M.4D-?VP/H9E_QH_M?3?^@A:?\ ?]?\: +M%4O[7TW_ *%
MI_W_ %_QH_M?3?\ H(6G_?\ 7_&@[15+^U]-_Z%I_W_7_&C^U]-_Z%I_W
M_7_&@[15+^U]-_Z%I_W_7_ !H_M?3?^@A:?]_U_P : +M%4O[7TW_H(6G_

MT_[_ _XUQ/B/2K&^\2VTT-[;WNF_?L)EPI'7OW''US0!Z$A!4$'(['UIU4
M(]4TN.-42_M%50 !YR\#\Z=_:^F_]!T_P_Z_XT 7:*I?VOIO\ T$+3_O\
MK_C1_:^F_P#00M/^_PO^- %VBJ7]KZ;_P!!T_[_K_C1_:^F_\ 00M/^_Z_

'

M*8!12T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 %
E_U;C_9-/IDG^K?Z'^5

MJ (_(B_YY)_WR*/(B_YY1_\ ?(J2D/J: (_)A_YY1_\ ?(H\F'_GE'^0K*N+

$P9B4)YZ8YVGKZT@.
MC\F'_GE'_P!\BE\B'_GE'_WR*YZY\0M;ZVMH3;
H=(V0%_-W
!R.
%1G]*G;

\H_P#OD5D+J%XL

;!B#D ]
QV=TUR+*XB8 -)
1$ V






%S^M!NMNH1VNSAH6DWYZ;2
MHQ_X]0 K6D#3+




]*T5

C$D

YC%S(-RQYY/\


MG./:@#JZ

CUK+\K

CUHR/6LORM=_Y^]._P#
M:3_XY1Y6N_\ /WIW_@-)_P#'* -3(]:
CUK+\K7?^?O3O_ :3_XY1Y6N_P#/
MWIW_ (#2?_'* -3(I
CUK


38Z'_:H W:*SMFK_\ /:Q_[]/_ /%4;-7_

M\O6#_P M['_OR_\ \549GU&WO;2*YDMGCN'*'RXV!&$9N['^[0!JBEIJ]Z=0
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E%%% !103BFF11^6: '44TNH&6X



EI%#



7^QY3:IQB;;)Q!
MS@A 







P/ES6Y



&A:W2
<U(^E2&UG0B(R27(G##/0.&QGKG Q6S2$<T 4;1_
O;



M*IJ BEHH 2J-K_R%K[Z1_R-7JHVO_(6O_\ =C_D: +U%+10 E%+24 %9VH_
M\A#2O^OAO_1,E:-9VH_\A'2O^OAO_1,E &B*6D'2EH **** BBB@ HHHH *



MH(6__?P4?V[I7_00M_\ OX*T** 
_P#MW2O^@A;_ /?P4?V[I7_00M_^_@K0
MHH S_PW=*_Y_PW_P_@H_MW2O^?^W_ ._@K0HH S_[=TO_ )_X/^^Q2'7=
M+4@&^@Y.!\XYK0Q6=J QJ&E8X_?MGW_=/0 [^W=+_P?^ ?\#%']NZ5_T$+?

MO_UYR_\








M B^VV_EO)YT92







98
44L.Y4&L^^

]
MXV_GTJ01)AAM&&ZC'6CR8]FTHI4=B!B@(W]JKQJUS#*
Q@R#+CV]?PIQNX
M%F6%IHQ*PR$+88_@:D\J

MLH897Z^E


&V_7'2I?*

?E0T


MC'6E\I-A3:-I[8XH B:]@4QAIHAYGW
OC=]/6E-Y;B


+
M1+]YUD4@?4YQ4PB0

M5*TN83K5_&)4

M.+ZV

M847;Z8XH B:^MD




MS(X8#$

M 
%S%YIB





/<&3=&L84J05 ]\D?D!6N* BBEH 2BEHH 2BEHH 2BEHH 2BEI*

DXZX
MV]NO- L+N&^26))I(O-PJ
4.T9QGJ.
9QU-
#H5.1S2TB=.F*=0 E%+10 E%

W3GI
M_3)\JX1MYMKF6!)BPBE:+H0^<8.-OS#[QS39]-N?*1XC*K
%XUV?




M 4444 )1110 A45&6C$BQY ?&\+[=
C\Q^=2FLR0#_A);?CI9RX_[[CH TE
M X_G4@Z44 +1244 %%%% ;03G SZU&XC16D;  'S$^G?-2U4U3_D%WG_7%



M !-02Z+++=P7;ZC
TT(81MY4?&[K_#Z4 :L._8HD8
V.2!@9J2LT6-[C_D*S
M_P#?J/\ ^)I?L-[_ -!:?_OU'_\ $T :-%9WV&]_ZT__?J/_P)H^PWO_06


W''H!U]15.74]0C8!4+B0
M%8V &

CQS6\4B2-N=&0$


M]NP*4&-N!QCTP.GM0 ^TF$]ND@)(89Y&#4U
A1(HU2-0B* JJHP !VQ3C0 '



M.U'_ ).E?\ 7PW_ *)DK1K.U'_D(Z5_U\-_Z)DH T1TI:0=*6@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** $H-%!Z4 5+?_D(7G_ /Y&K=5+?_D(7G_ /Y&K= !2&
MEI#R.F: 


;%8



M92P'N1Q5R@ HHHH S]_P08/\ KK+_ .C&K1K.T+_D&+_UUE_]&-6C0 44
M44 %%%% !1124 %9^E?Z_4O^OL_^@)6A6?I7^OU+_K[/_H4 :%+244 +124
?:G66J65_+(EI<QS-&?F'/_ZZP8]/U6?[9)=PRM++8F'#O'M+

M^TIO^@9??]\I_P#%4 :%%9_]I3?] R^_[Y3_ .*H_M*;_H&7W_?*?_%4 :%%
M9_\ :4O_ $#+[_OE/_BJ3^TI?^@7??\ ?*?_ !5 $Z?\A7_ *XQ_P#H3U7D
M_P1EM_^O27_ -#CI]G))/=S2O:S0*411YN
Y!;/0GU%
D'_ !45L?\ ITE_
M]#CH TA10*6@!**6B@!**6B@!
54U3_D%WG_ %P?_P!!-6ZJ:I_R[S_ *X/
M_P@F@6S_X\X/\ KFO\JFJ&S_X\X/\ KFO\JFH 6BBB@!*HVO\ R%K_ /W8
M_P1J]5&U_YU_\ [L?\C0!?HHHH *2EI* L[4?^0CI7_7PW_HF2M&L[4?^
M0CI7_7PW_HF2@#1'2EI!TI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2@]**#TH

XMY


T 4/[:LO[T
M_P#X#2?_ !-']M67]Z?_ 

-@S6KHCNX;:



M.:7_ #UH S_[:L?[T_\ X#2?_$U7BO(;OQ!;^27.RUF#;HV3^*/U STK7_SU
MJA+_ 

MFJ?\@N\_ZX/_ .@F@6S_P/.#_KFO\ *IJAL_\ CS@_ZYK_ J:@!:*** $
MJC:_\A:__P!V/^1J]5&U_P0M?\ ^['_ - %^BBB@ I*6DH *SM1_Y.E?]

M6)H4:-'+^65!1B01DCH3S5ZBD!#!;Q6\8C@C2)!GHH 'X#WJ:BDI@4-_Y!
MB_\ 767_ -&-6C6;H1_XEB_]=9?_ $8U:5 !1110 4444 %)2T4 )6?I7^OU

P\KROL-L(\[M@B &?7&.M $5Q<L8K9

Z4^




07URT



M6S_ ./.#_KFO\JFJ&S_ ./.#_KFO\JFH 6BBB@!*HVO_(6O_P#=C_D:O51M
M?^0M?_[L?\C0!?HHHH *2EI* L[4?\ D(Z5_P!?#?\ HF2M&L[4?^0CI7_7


M7_G]G_)/_B:/L\O_ #^S_DG_ 
35BB@O]GE_P?V?\ )/\ XFD-K(?^7R?_


M_G]G_)/_ (FC[/+_ 


MRU0 2*/]I1P?J


<'_7-?Y5-0 M%%% 51M?^0M?_[L?\C5ZJ-K_P A:_\
1



MU+_K[/\ Z E &A2TE+0 4444 %%%% !1110 E%%(QQUH 1FQQC(-12Q)
T3N


FVYD'V=9




WW_?$'_Q
MN@#0HK/_ +.N?^@S??\ ?$'_ 

M *2EI* L[4?^0CI7_7PW_HF2M&L[4?^0CI7_7PW_HF2@#1'2EI!TI: BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6DH 


M86P'J]T1_)#33+K6WBVT_=_U\OC_ - H TMHI-@]_P ZSEN-9 RUC8O_ +EV
MW]8Z!J&H*?WNCRG_ *Y3(W\R* -





8/7L


4M% 8%+110 4A /4 TM% ;1Z56N-/M+D[IH$+?W\88?1


(JGOW*_K0!V5+2#I


M244 +1244 +1110 4444 %)2TE !6=+_ 

MZ^-([!;@9)(C8Q+QV&)_ +C\* ._%+3%S@ G)Q3J %HI** %I*6DH *J:I_
MR[S_K@__H)JW7.^

@#YPR
HQ^+?I0!U



MOR/\:DDFCB91)*B%F &X@9/M3);NWM@HN+B.+=P/












M-U8 X.TY -2=J 

<$CU[T 6=MY_P ]X/\








M?P?]^1_C1Y-W_P _@_[\C_&G6MS!=+OMYHY5[F-PPS^%6* *ODW?_/X/^_(_



GQW!@DOK9)@=OEM*H;/
MIC.: .=.DRFR$-QI N9#:1Q([,A\M@"6.1R=V1_2IY-/E$J/=:4-0!M4C3

_V#YEC
+FVAFN1:)%$[8.UPI^Z3R.

M$[@E5=XP2





M[C_K1H'_  K+_KBM+J_2R_Z^X_ZTF@?\@*R_PN*T 79@6C8#N.M8,,%_/
MIUGI[6,ENL:Q^;-(Z$?(5.%D\G&


G

A83;7*@\+G'#-
MTR1D5T54EU;3FN! M_;&8MM\L2KNSZ8SF@# NM+G%HULFE131AIA$3&C&/+Y



MD9



MQ
JJ




BHY0!3T!8+D' ZU6M

_


WBVQ37'EACCG*[3OYX//\Q6O<7-Q#J!L%E;==LKPR@#]VF#O

M$^W(QD]

M_K5+7;RXM+EEAOY8WLT0*KW(!G) _@V?.?J1^%=AQD^GM32 ._/0$\Y_Q[T@
M

L$VQ'EQN(VJW) &





N#BJ
M\5U?V^A7+1ZE!=A9(U$J7'G&($_




YL9(5BHSCV K1IB #IT^E/H *


M$]D  BQ@D[B

\GTJQ;O=I]GO&O

UH5GZ-_J+K_ *^YO_0S0!H4M)2T %%%% =ZS]*_P!?J7_7
MT?\ T!*T.]9^E?Z_4O\ KZ/_ * E &A1110 4T]:=32#U%(#M]2OW:*&&&
M:5O.8O+(44!9HZ ]L?E4UOK/F+ UQ&(4E@9RY;.UD/S#^OX5;MM
CMIUEC=
MB5#K@G@AGW&J]QH4$]C%:N\I2)]X(?!)YR#QT.X@TP
N\\4M:[/-C@C/E+(\
M+R.)#N&0%PN






X



#!6:\67R(B?(AC

M+EAE1T[^M:QDNKS4I;9;HVR6\:
QBGS^[NP. -M79;&.87 D!9;A CC/&.







M-[.UK8RM=7
2W;R2/Y
0E8#!*K@JW&


#EU /!)!'\B: 
&QO
M+R^2VA%S)#YQE?S3&GF!48  C&W=SSQT'%:%PDUA';R/=RS$7KF3 )5R%*_
M* .,YZ4LNA0N_F(\L,@F,Z/&V&1B !D$8.
G(H?391Y$7G2SJ;A9I9)2?E
MZ#  '4#M0!K)]T9]*=35^Z*6@ K#\1]5_PO2Y_] %;E8?B/JO\ UZ7/_H H

MTD]NAAQYT4B2)]01G]

EF*\'KT;\*IW

N0TA!(/; QVJO/I
4U


'
M&/2I;6WD6_N[B4$;RJ(/]E1P?S)H OCI1113 *S]&_U%U_U]S?\ H9K0K/T;









M ?7#
13$T.U10JM=HHX 6\F 'X!J -.BL_\ L:U_YZWW_@=/_P#%T?V-:_\
M/6^_\#I__BZ -#K28JA_8UK_ 

M8JA_8UK_ 

M#I__ (NC^QK7_GK??^!T_P#\70!H4AJA_8UK_P ];[_P.G_^+H_L:U_YZWW_

K;@YG=GSMQ]XDGI3O[(
MC_Y^K[_P*?\ QH T**S_ .R(O^?J^_\  I_\:/[(B_Y^K[_P*?\ QH OXI:S
M_PR(O\ GZOO_ I_\:/[(B_Y^K[_ ,G_P : -BL_\ LB+_ )^K[_P*?_&C
M^R(O^?J^_P# I_\ &@_BES6?_9$7_/U??\ @4_^-']D1?\ /U??^!+_ .-

];[_P.G_\ BZ +^*6L_P#L:U_Y


MC0!H4A%4/[(B_P?J^_\G_QH_LB+_GZOO\ P*?_ !H T!16?_9$7_/U??\

MJ;_T
TO]D1?\_5]_X%/_ (U8L[2.SA$418C))+L6))Y/)H L4M(.E+0 4444
M )1110 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E%%% !2T44
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 4444 %+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 4444
C%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %+110 4444 ?_]D!
end








begin 644 form10kx14x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#N);B!@))
MD0GH&8#-1G4+


M;0PM:I(L'

C('3&._3GG\JCM+6ZO$#P3='*X


'.#VJ WURW6=B?
MK_*IO-
?M$C7O-5^T:');7492]+(&)7_ %F#^0JYX#YDOOI'_[-7.&^NV&
MTW








end








begin 644 form10kx3x1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!# ! +# X
A .#0X2$1 3&@:&!86
M&#$C)1TH.C

MVP!# 1$2$A@5&\:&B]C0CA8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C8V-C

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBB@ HH
MHH **3-5IKL(654D9Q_TS?;^8!H M456AFGE )B15SS\S _D5%+=3RPJIBM9

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBDH *J7%ZL;&/;


MVA^FH2#^8H N2-#=
/-2)V/ 


I1;.MHKEAXFN^\
/Y'_&G#

UN)%PK&
YSN55)_4&J)-Q'(5B^UR*IZH(
'^1I]SJ

1);2P@#K

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

B$HA=N


MV*] FB6:)HY!E6&*YNY\.3JY\B174]F.*RG%MW1I%KJ80ZTH^M6;JRFM9&

CTXKFTTBX

T\


1B3:1C'L?6MJ
MUE
]M%
0 9$#8!R!D9Z]Z )J*Y23QA
'U#RM*







T1)
M =9
@_I3I/&4EDZG5-$O;.%CCS#\P'Z@#JZ*;&ZR1JZ$,K#(([BH;V\@L+2
M2YN711KN8_Y[T 6**Y2'Q/JFJ;GT71'E@!P)IY @/T'^!-'_73Z?.L6O:3
M-9!C@3(WF)^G]: .KHJ*VG2ZMHIX]VR10Z[A@X(STJ6@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****





MTMR3+(Q]3QC\


7MP1R$
M3/?W''_ :V=3\0G_ (0**\C.9[I!![A\$-_(_I6_H-I'9Z'9VZ895A7)'0DC
M)/YDUY_I.G[_ !6ND2.?L-M=R3(

MEZ[G(#']35_P=:16GAFR\H#

$G:/4G)KGK


5O+)
MC)$/[W0X^O Q0!T

AU^SEE5&2YA5


M*'CBUK43/):I&;A3MFM6D9EV)G:P.!W'0T =*]Y;(0'N(E)&1EP

V^S7DTB %


;1O;3E5DS]FLVA*Y1N22QR.V..
M2/2KNC:E:C1K*U

3Q^=/1TD4
C!E/
M0@Y!KG[80PP:?)?PEH19HJ

MQUZ#/UH ?=7T%HT*S
09I!&@ SR?Z?XU

M+


M[:NP5+F%F/0!P2:D$B

M+4;2_2YNHH%CN#MF*3%R23E#C8
8^[U/!% &ZLT;(S*ZE5X)!X%1F^M%.&NH

C^V/^H=J'_?C_Z]'M(ARLTJ,5F_VQ_U#M0_[\?_ %Z/
M[8_ZAVH?]^/_ *]'M(ARLTJH88(!![&LW^V/^H=J'_?C_Z]']L?]0[4/^_'

5




5F_VQ_U#M0_[\?_
M %Z/[8_ZAVH?]^/_ *]'M(ARLTL48K-_MC_J':A_WX_^O1_;'_4.U#_OQ_\
M7H]I$.5FEBC%9O\ ;'_4.U#_ +\?_7H_MC_J':A_WX_^O1SQ#E9I45F_VQ_U
M#M0_[\?_ %Z/[8_ZAVH?]^/_ *]'M(ARLTL48K-_MC_J':A_WX_^O1_;'_4.


_MC
M_J':A_WX_P#KT?VQ_P!0[4/^_'_UZ/:1#E9IT5F?VQ_U#M0_[\?_ %Z/[8_Z


M44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M%
M44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M%
M44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% 44M% !1110 4444 %4M2TRUU2W\F[






M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


MBL_R-3_Y_H/_  '/_P 51Y&I_P#/]!_X#G_XJCF\@L:%%9_D:G_S_0?^ Y_^

M .*HYO(+&A16?Y&I_P#/]!_X#G_XJCR-3_Y_H/\ P'/_ 

51Y&I_\_T'_@.?


M\@L:%%9_D:G_ 

MZ#_P'/\ \51Y&I_\_P!!_P Y_\ BJ.;RQH45G^1J?_ #_0?^ Y_P#BJ/(U


M5G^1J?\ S_0?^ Y_^*H\C4_^?Z#_ 




M_/\ 0?\ @.?_ (JI((;Y95
]W%)'W58=I/XYHOY 7****H04444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !2


CCCBG6



B@$9SGBLX




9!

= .
MF.N?:G&RNO


\?\
MWT*E!# $'(/0BLI[.1;TRQVX
95/E&P D9SG(SW[&K-N;A;=(FMPNU O$GL?

@/+X/WC^OK]XTDEE)]KED


M5C&J^8Q \LCN./Q_@_YT?S?O%^7[W/3ZT&:


M98V *NK9.!@YJ*[B

Q_$T 7S(@<(7 8]!
MGDTAGB[C(FW.

M=D)

C[8(P


E[)SY?FVBW#$
M YWA1&Q.6/J.3VR:#9N3-FS#2E''G[Q\^1P/7\#P*UJ* 
N73F$?D01I&DIR

MBF#_ .HXQWYZY.1US26]E.@B1X
(DYE W#@ECSU]
G_@7M6Q10 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
I10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__]D!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2016
Sep. 29
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016






















  2016




















































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



259
490






































318
636

























If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











054


142
234





471


309
971



Trade receivables
 net

253
333


707
352





840
748


251
212





873
479


972
384





892


646
762





745
847


570
853





819
824


600
768












471





Plant and equipment
 net

897
283


754
754



Intangible assets
 net

586
515


808
576



Construction in progress
 net

501


873
227





362
855


051
046





253
449


088
371












667
482


446
069





948
300


031
659





007
185


090





514
477


367
605





807


527
899





611
816


746
569





347
136


311





811
908


165
043





157
111


986
245














544
425







989







591





157
111


552
251










Preferred Stock
 $0.001 par value
 5
000
000 shares authorized; 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively






Common Stock
 $0.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized; 38
274
490 and 38
260
000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively

275


260





852
249


842
064





103
354


660
666





396
456)


019
334





171
006


259
909





327
909


715
888





096
338


536
121





253
449


088
371




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.




























Carrying value of capitalized payments made in advance for inventory that is expected to be received within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




















































































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.






















































































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Amount of liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received classified as other
 and expenses incurred but not yet paid
 payable within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount due from parties in nontrade transactions
 classified as other.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.

























































Amount of borrowings from a bank classified as other
 maturing within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























The amount of statutory capital and surplus (stockholders' equity) as of the balance sheet date using prescribed or permitted statutory accounting practices (rather than GAAP
 if different) of the state or country.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015




666
740


711
561





164
801


729
666





501
939


981
895












125
771


859
449





797
058


665
793





922
829


525
242





420
890)


456
653












231
521


999
480





188


103





569
019)


244
766)





138


127





911
455)


683)





853
627)


170
738)





274
517)


285
915





898
616


362
784





173
133)


923
130












733
531)


456
118)





416)


153
151)



Loss from discontinued operations
 net of taxes

187
947)


609
269)





361
080)


686
139)












973
101)


619
528





979)


305
667)












911
097


536
511)





449
983)


222
650)















































264
874


108
688







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.

























































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.













































































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.


















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic and diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation
 when the per share amount is the same.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 attributable to parent entity.
























































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Beginning Balance at Dec. 31
 2014

917


853
089


038
917


021
555


796
420


021
555


766
453



Beginning Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2014

916
714























686
139)






686
139)





355


706
213










708
568





355
276



















282
762










283
750





500





















621
749


621
749)

















305
667




307
667)















536
511)




536
511)



Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2015

260


842
064


660
666


019
334


259
909


715
888


536
121



Ending Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2015

259
490























361
080)






361
080)







185










200





000





















688


688)

















979




979)















911
097




911
097



Ending Balance at Dec. 31
 2016

275


852
249


103
354


396
455


171
006


327
909


096
338



Ending Balance (Shares) at Dec. 31
 2016

274
490







































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)



























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




























Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015











173
133)


923
130





207
563







184
309







383
366





Write off trade receivables
 other receivables
 advances to suppliers
 and other current assets

590
795







200


994
673





934
411


075
599





177


391





996
841)


027
370)





156
603)


426
131)





848
784)


129
003





058







681
273


645
878





209
871)


105
731





176
244


091





785
836)


289
995












103
997


142
420)







919
600)





126)


454)







217)





944
420









252)





906
291


096
943)














892
196)





122
729









210
009





729)







043
000


682
187)





836
545)


489
135)





120
365


054
102)





142
234


685
471





054


142
234












188


103





137
063


889
304





408
119


324
179





















































































































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.



















































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.

























































Amount of increase (decrease) in obligations incurred but not paid
 and operating obligations classified as other.

























































The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of customer money held in customer accounts
 including security deposits
 collateral for a current or future transactions
 initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.





















































































The net cash outflow or inflow for the increase (decrease) in the beginning and end of period of loan and lease balances which are not originated or purchased specifically for resale. Includes cash payments and proceeds associated with (a) loans held-for-investment
 (b) leases held-for-investment
 and (c) both.




























The net amount paid (received) by the reporting entity through acquisition or sale and maturities of short-term investments with an original maturity that is three months or less which qualify for treatment as an investing activity based on management's intention and intended by management to be liquidated
 if necessary
 within the current operating cycle. Includes cash flows from securities classified as trading securities that were acquired for reasons other than sale in the short-term.




























The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 manufacture
 and market convenience foods
 chestnut products
 and frozen foods; these products are sold to both domestic markets and international markets.


    






The entire disclosure for organization
 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            





            
              
              

                  
                


            
              
              

            
              
              
                





            
              
              

                  
                


            
              
              

            
              
              

 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&#8217;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&#8217;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has rectified this error and the impact of the Company&#8217;s financial position and result of operations are detailed below.





            
              
              

                  
                


            
              
              

            
              
              

 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:






                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  


                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  


                  
                  
                  
                  
                  
                  

                    100.0

                  
                  

                    46
659
135

                  


                  


                  
                  
                  
                  

                    100.0

                  
                  

                    44
861
741

                  


                  


                  
                  
                  
                  

                    80.2

                  
                  

                    12
123
985

                  


                  


                  
                  
                  
                  

                    100.0

                  
                  

                    1
540
666

                  


                  


                  
                  
                  
                  

                    100.0

                  
                  

                    3
797
774

                  


                  


                  
                  
                  
                  

                    100.0

                  
                  

                    2
303
063

                  


                  


                  
                  
                  
                  

                    100.0

                  
                  

                    149
939

                  



          In 2014
 the Company invested $2
100
000
          in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&#8217;s financial statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy by creditors
 and
 ultimately liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and written of the value of its investment in Minerve. All receivables due by Minerve to subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have been written off. The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements at December 31
 2015 have been recast to provide improved comparability for the Company&#8217;s continuing operations.
        
        

          Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds
          19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.
        

          
        

 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.

          
        
        

          
        
        

 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.

 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.
        

          
        
        

          
        

 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its inventory.

          
        
        

          
        

          Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&#8217;s typically applies a salvage value of
          0% to
          10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
        


                  
                  

                    20
                    -
                    40
                    years



                  



                    30
                    years



                  
                  

                    1
                    -
                    10
                    years



                  
                  

                    10
                    years



                  
                  

                    5
                    years




 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&#8217;s results of operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.

          
        

 and costs of acquisition and installation of related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified in this account.

          
        

          Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
          40
          -
          50
          years.
        

          
        

 then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&#8217;s results of operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.

          
        

 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.

 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.

          
        

          Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
          10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
          50% of the enterprise&#8217;s PRC registered capital.
        

          
        

 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.


                  
                  
                  


                      
                    

                  
                  


                      
                    

                  


                  
                  
                  

                    6.9437

                  
                  

                    6.4907

                  


                  
                  
                  

                    6.6430

                  
                  

                    6.2175

                  


                  
                  
                  

                    0.8919

                  
                  

                    0.9168

                  


                  
                  
                  

                    0.8960

                  
                  

                    0.9011

                  


        

          
        

 where persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 the price has been fixed or is determinable
 the delivery has been completed and no other significant obligations of the Company exists
 and collectability of payment is reasonably assured. Payments received prior to all of the foregoing criteria are recorded as customer deposits. Recorded revenue is derived from the value of goods invoiced less value-added tax (VAT).

          
        
        

          
        
        

          
        
        

          
        
        

          
        

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.

          
        

 &#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders.

          
        

 &#8220;Earnings per share&#8221;. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.

          
        

 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments
&#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:


              
              

                



              
              


 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.



              
              

                




 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#8221; and ASC 815.

          
        

 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.

          
        

 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.

 the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of financial instruments. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going-concern basis. The going-concern basis assumes that assets will be realized and liabilities will be settled in the ordinary course of business in the amounts disclosed in the financial statements. The Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern is greatly dependent on the Company&#8217;s ability to realize its non-cash current assets such as receivables and inventory into cash in order to settle its current obligations. For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company incurred a substantial loss of $136
361
080. As of December 31
 2016
 the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately $21
086
641. These conditions raise substantial doubt as to whether the Company may continue as a going concern.
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 the Company is working to obtain new working capital through private placements of its common stock or convertible debt securities to qualified investors.


    






The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            


    






The entire disclosure for assets that are restricted in their use
 generally by contractual agreements or regulatory requirements. This would include
 but not limited to
 a description of the restricted assets and the terms of the restriction.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            




      The Company extends credit terms of
      15
      to
      60
      days to the majority of its domestic customers
 which include third-party distributors
 supermarkets and wholesalers; international customers are typically extended
      90
      days credit.
    


              
              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              

                3
948
880

              
              

                37
127
548

              


              


                  
                
                
                Allowance for doubtful accounts

              

                (695
547

              
              

                (420
196

              


              
              
              

                3
253
333

              
              

                36
707
352

              





              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                (5
901
811

              
              

                (421
464

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                5
206
263

              
              

                1
268

              


              
              
              

                (695
547

              
              

                (420
196

              

        






The entire disclosure for financing receivables. Examples of financing receivables include
 but are not limited to
 loans
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivable
 credit cards
 and receivables relating to a lessor's right(s) to payment(s) from a lease other than an operating lease that is recognized as assets.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            






              
              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              

                &#160;
                -

              
              

                16
562
185

              


              
              
              

                11
840
748

              
              

                11
689
027

              


              
              
              

                11
840
748

              
              

                28
251
212

              

        






The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            






              
              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                58
866
129

              
              

                62
883
574

              


              
              
              

                6
917
774

              
              

                8
484
858

              


              
              
              

                418
048

              
              

                430
317

              


              
              
              

                154
687

              
              

                165
483

              


              
              
              

                66
356
368

              
              

                71
964
232

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


                  
                
                : Accumulated depreciation

              

                (14
459
355

              
              

                (13
209
478

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                51
897
283

              
              

                58
754
754

              



      Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 was $1
934
411
      and $2
075
599
 respectively.
    






The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                14
208
013

              
              

                15
356
397

              


              
              
              

                4
800

              
              

                47
926

              


              
              
              

                14
252
813

              
              

                15
404
323

              


              


                  
                
                : Accumulated amortization

              

                (1
666
298

              
              

                (1
595
747

              


              
              
              

                12
586
515

              
              

                13
808
576

              



      All land is owned by the government in China. Land use rights represent the Company&#8217;s purchase of usage rights for a parcel of land for a specified duration of time
 typically
      50
      years. Amortization expense for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 were $299
177
      and $682
391
 respectively.
    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              On August 8
 2015
 the Company re-organized its French operations by merging the operations of Conserverie Minerve into its immediate parent Athena
 and concurrently
 Athena wound up and dissolved Conserverie Minerve. Athena subsequently changed its own legal name to Conserverie Minerve and to continue its business. At the date of acquisition
 the net liability of Conserverie Minerve was $3
255
911
              (EUR2
968
089); the purchase consideration paid for the Athena (aka Conserverie Minerve) was $2
100
000. The acquisition of Athena and its then subsidiaries gave rise to goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928. As of December 31
 2015
 the surviving business entity
 Conserverie Minerve
 on a post merged basis
 recognized net operating losses during the year ended December 31
 2015. As of December 31
 2015
 the Company was unable to determine if the Conserverie Minerve would be able to generate future profit and positive operating cash flows to justify the carrying value of goodwill in the amount of $6
786
928
              ; accordingly
 the Company elected to write-off the goodwill that it had recognized during its acquisition of Conserverie Minerve. Conserverie Minerve had a goodwill of its own that had accumulated over the years as result of its acquisition of subsidiaries; at December 31
 2015
 the outstanding balance was $3
219
172. As mentioned in &#8220;Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies-Principles of Consolidation&#8221;
 Conserverie Minerve has been liquidated and the Company no longer has any interest in Conserverie Minerve; accordingly
 all remaining goodwill has been de- recognized.
            


    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            






              

                

              


                  
                

              
              


                  
                

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                6.305% per annum; due 1/4/2016

              

                -

              
              

                1
016
839

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016*

              

                3
596
461

              
              

                3
851
665

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                6.02% per annum; due 12/26/2016

              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 4/30/2017

              

                1
080
116

              
              

                -

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017

              

                1
134
842

              
              

                -

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017

              

                1
080
116

              
              

                -

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                4.30% per annum; due 8/2/2017

              

                950
502

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


 Linyi Branch

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226;Interest rate at
                5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016*

              

                1
440
154

              
              

                1
540
666

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


 Junan Branch

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                5.52% per annum due 9/5/2016*

              

                -

              
              

                3
081
332

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                5.655% per annum due 1/31/2017

              

                -

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


 Luotian Branch

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                5.65% per annum due 4/22/2017

              

                1
440
154

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226;Interest rate at
                5.6% per annum due 1/6/2016

              

                -

              
              

                770
333

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 1/14/2017

              

                1
440
154

              
              

                2
002
866

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 2/4/2017

              

                432
046

              
              

                -

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 9/7/2017

              

                432
046

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016*

              

                1
152
124

              
              

                1
232
533

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


 Guanggu Branch


              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016*

              

                1
347
047

              
              

                1
540
666

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016*

              

                374
440

              
              

                400
573

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                7.28% per annum due 1/19/2016

              

                -

              
              

                1
540
666

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016*

              

                720
077

              
              

                770
333

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016

              

                -

              
              

                616
266

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                5.66% per annum due 5/19/2017

              

                1
440
154

              
              

                1
540
666

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


 Junan Branch


              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016*

              

                1
438
707

              
              

                1
540
666

              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                8.4% per annum due 11/24/2016*

              

                2
880
310

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
                9.00% per annum due 1/12/2017

              

                288
032

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                22
667
482

              
              

                21
446
069

              



 which are denominated in Renminbi and Euros
 were primarily obtained for general working capital. If not otherwise specifically indicated above
 short-term bank loans are guaranteed either by other companies within the group
 or by personnel in senior management positions within the group.

 2016
 these loans have not been repaid and are considered in default. The Company is in negotiations to renew these loans or modify the repayment terms.















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 debentures
 and long-term debt for continuing operations consisted of the following:






              
              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              


                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                

 Ltd.

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016

              

                8
921
756

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


                  Debenture issued by
                  2
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                
                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
                9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015

              

                14
401
544

              
              

                15
406
658

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                
                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015

              

                1
875
000

              
              

                1
875
000

              


              

                &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015

              

                1
875
000

              
              

                1
875
000

              


              

                &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
                5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016

              

                1
875
000

              
              

                1
875
000

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                28
948
300

              
              

                21
031
659

              



 2012. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 the Company had not repaid any principal. The loan was collateralized with the following terms:


          
          


              A first ranking mortgage in the amount of about USD $12
000
000
              on the Company&#8217;s land and building in favor of DEG.
            



          
          


              A share pledge
 by Mr. Si Chen (a major shareholder
 and Chairman and CEO of the Company) as the sponsor of the loan
 to secure approximately USD $12
000
000
              of the loan.
            



          
          


              The total amount of the first ranking mortgage as indicated in the Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a)) and the value of the pledged shares by Mr. Si Chen (Loan Agreement (Article 12(1)(a))) should be at least USD24
000
000
              in aggregate.
            



          
          
          



      The Company defaulted on its loan with DEG; accordingly
 on December 7
 2016
 DEG exercised its rights to foreclose on
      10
794
066
      shares pledged by Mr. Si Chen.
    
    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                10
562

              
              

                731
080

              


              
              
              

                16
151

              
              

                1
678
568

              


              
              
              

                13
684

              
              

                5
046

              


              
              
              

                72
245

              
              

                40
058

              


              
              
              

                161

              
              

                172

              


              
              
              

                134
827

              
              

                72
974

              


              
              
              

                1
176

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                248
807

              
              

                2
527
899

              

        















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


                  Debenture issued by
                  5
                  private placement holders underwritten by
                

 Ltd.

              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Interest rate at
                10% per annum due 8/28/2016

              

                -

              
              

                9
544
425

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                9
544
425

              

        















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              For the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company issued
              987
500
              shares as stock compensation to employees and
              2
355
276
              shares upon conversion of the convertible promissory note to Jade Lane.
            




      For the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company issued
      15
000
      shares as stock compensation to employees.
    






The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

              All of the Company&#8217;s continuing operations are located in the PRC. The corporate income tax rate in the PRC is
              25%.
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2016 and 2015:






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                (84
936
317

              
              

                11
806
807

              


              
              
              

                (338
200

              
              

                (1
520
892

              


              
              
              

                (85
274
517

              
              

                10
285
915

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                PRC Statutory Tax at
                25% Rate

              

                1
898
616

              
              

                3
362
784

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                1
898
616

              
              

                3
362
784

              




        
      
    


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                &#160;
                -

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              


              
              
              

                38
264
874

              
              

                37
108
688

              


              
              
              

                &#160;
                -

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              



 2016 and 2015:


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                35%

              
              

                35%

              


              


              

                -
                10%

              
              

                -
                10%

              


              
              
              

                -
                27.22%

              
              

                -
                27.23%

              


              
              
              

                -
                2.22%

              
              

                -
                2.23%

              

        






The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



			

					
				

						


			


				


			


				

						Components of basic and diluted (loss) earnings per share were as follows:













							





							















































							(135
973






							2
619




					

























							38
259






							34
916








							





















							15






							3
342












							38
264






							37
108




					







































							







































							38
264






							37
108




					





















































					





















































					





















































					











































							38
264






							37
108




				















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2013
 the Company entered into three operating lease agreements leasing three plots of land where greenhouses are maintained to grow seasonal crops. The leases were signed by Junan Hongrun Foodstuff Co.
 Ltd. and they expire on April 25
 2033
 May 19
 2033
 and June 19
 2033.


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2016 are as follows:






              

                

              

                

              
              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              

                74
420

              
              

                89
258

              
              

                10
711

              


              
              
              

                74
420

              
              

                89
258

              
              

                10
711

              


              
              
              

                74
420

              
              

                89
258

              
              

                10
711

              


              
              
              

                74
420

              
              

                89
258

              
              

                10
711

              


              
              
              

                74
420

              
              

                89
258

              
              

                10
711

              


              
              
              

                843
427

              
              

                1
019
029

              
              

                123
177

              


              
              
              

                1
215
527

              
              

                1
465
319

              
              

                176
732

              



      The outstanding lease commitments for the three greenhouses as of December 31
 2016 was $2
857
577.
    






The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2015
 the Company entered into the following capital leases:





          
          


              On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
057
571
 which was approximately USD166
447
 with Lessor A leasing: five production machines
 two packaging machines
 one assembly line
 and ten vending machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              36
              months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
            



          
          


              On July 1
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
805
493
 which was approximately USD441
546
 with Lessor A leasing one hundred vending machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              36
              months with an expiration date of June 30
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 1.
            



          
          


              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB2
163
845
 which was approximately USD340
539
 with Lessor B leasing eight production machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            



          
          


              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB530
439
 which was approximately USD83
484
 with Lessor B leasing four production machines with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            



          
          


              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB777
228
 which was approximately USD122
325
 with Lessor B leasing one assembly line with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            



          
          


              On August 25
 2015
 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement in the amount of RMB1
647
563
 which was approximately USD259
304
 with Lessor B leasing one freezing unit with an interest rate of
              7% for a period of
              30
              months with an expiration date of February 25
 2018 with an option to buy the leased assets following the lease expiration for RMB 100.
            




 2016:



                
                

                  1
007
185

                


                
                

                  -

                


                
                

                  -

                


                
                

                  1
007
185

                




                    
                  
                  : Amount representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)

                  including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments

                

                  -

                


                
                

                  1
007
185

                




                    
                  
                  : Amount representing interest

                
                
                


                
                

                  1
007
185

                




      As of December 31
 2016
 the present value of minimum lease payments due within one year is $1
007
185. The Company recorded impairment on the leased assets that underlie these lease obligations; the Company&#8217;s management believes it is appropriate to account for all remaining lease obligations as current given that these leased assets are no longer generating long term benefits to the Company.
    






The entire disclosure for lessor's leasing arrangements
 which includes direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 which was initially filed by Shandong Lorain
 a subsidiary of the Company
 against Junan Hengji Real Estate Development Co.
 Ltd. (Junan Hengji) in November 2013 at Linyi City Intermediate People's Court of Shandong Province (the Linyi Court). Shandong Lorain added Jiangsu Hengan Industrial Investment Group Co.
 Ltd. (Heng An Investment) as a co-defendant after the case was first filed at the Linyi Court.


        
          
          

        
          
          

              In December 2010
 Shandong Lorain and Junan Hengji entered into a cooperative development agreement (the Agreement) and in March 2011
 Heng An Investment
 an affiliated company of Junan Hengji
 also entered into the Agreement with Shandong Lorain to jointly develop the project with Junan Hengji. Pursuant to the Agreement
 Junan Henji and Heng An Investment are required to pay Shandong Lorain a total of RMB20
              million (approximately $3
225
806) fixed return according to the development status of the project developed by Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. The payment was due but unpaid in Year. In deciding to bring suit
 Shandong Lorain and the Company evaluated the potential claims against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment
 disputes between the parties with respect to out-of-pocket expenses paid by Junan Hengji
 as well as the litigation fee that is required to be paid to the court based upon the amount claimed. Ultimately
 Shandong Lorain decided to file the lawsuit with Linyi Court to claim a fixed return of RMB10
              million (approximately $1
499
390).
            




      In January 2014
 the Linyi Court held its first trial session. During the trial
 Heng An Investment filed a counterclaim against Shandong Lorain for repayment of out-of-pocket expenses which would offset the entire fixed return plus additional unpaid expenses of RMB4
746
927
      (approximately $765
633). Shandong Lorain responded that Heng An Investment does not have standing to file the counter-claim because the out-of-pocket payments were made by Junan Hengji. In November 2014
 the court held a second trial session and completed its discovery process. On March 21
 2015
 Shandong Lorain received the Linyi Court's decision that rejected Shandong Lorain's claim for RMB10
000
000
      against Junan Hengji and Heng An Investment. On April 3
 2015
 Shandong Lorain appealed the decision to the Supreme Court of Shandong Province.
    

 the Supreme Court of Shandong Province vacated the decision of the Linyi Court and remanded the case back to the Linyi Court for a retrial. The retrial took place on April 25
 2016
 at the Linyi City Intermediate People&#8217;s Court
 and the decision thereon is currently pending.






The entire disclosure for significant arrangements with third parties
 which includes operating lease arrangements and arrangements in which the entity has agreed to expend funds to procure goods or services
 or has agreed to commit resources to supply goods or services
 and operating lease arrangements. Descriptions may include identification of the specific goods and services
 period of time covered
 minimum quantities and amounts
 and cancellation rights.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                8
833
130

              
              

                &#160;
                -

              


              
              
              

                20
838
366

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                1
184
309

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                13
207
563

              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                1
848
087

              
              

                392
683

              


              
              
              

                45
911
455

              
              

                392
683

              

        






The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed
 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3
6
7
9)







































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 Dongguan Lorain
 the Minerve Group as discontinued operations. Selected details regarding those discontinued operations are provided below.





              

                

                



              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              

                35
178
846

              
              

                66
032
083

              


              
              
              

                29
629
863

              
              

                57
390
872

              


              
              
              

                5
548
982

              
              

                8
641
211

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                24
576
521

              
              

                9
539
844

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                (29
705
992

              
              

                (7
557
485

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                (48
733
531

              
              

                (8
456
119

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                454
416

              
              

                1
153
151

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                &#160;

                  (49
187
947
                


                

              

                &#160;

                  (9
609
269



                


            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                245
778

              
              

                1
077
521

              


              
              
              

                (1
505
342

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                (8
578
662

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                (19
284
481

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                (6
786
928

              


              
              
              

                (583
285

              
              

                (1
848
078


                )
                -



              
              
              

                (29
705
992

              
              

                (7
557
485

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              




              

                

              
              

                

              


              
              
              

                19
745
847

              
              

                70
570
853

              


              
              
              

                16
362
855

              
              

                32
051
046

              


              

                

              

                36
108
702

              
              

                102
621
899

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                13
811
908

              
              

                43
165
043

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                326
591

              


              

                

              

                13
811
908

              
              

                43
491
634

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                22
296
795

              
              

                59
130
265

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              

                36
108
702

              
              

                102
621
899

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                1
966
135

              
              

                22
036
952

              


              


                  
                
                : Allowance for doubtful accounts

              

                -

              
              

                (5
481
615

              


              
              
              

                1
966
135

              
              

                16
555
337

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                4
503
460

              
              

                13
488
996

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                8
750
858

              


              
              
              

                4
503
460

              
              

                22
239
854

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                12
603
279

              
              

                19
794
637

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                209
010

              


              


              

                -

              
              

                10
331
020

              


              
              
              

                6
201
595

              
              

                13
703
772

              


              
              
              

                2
170

              
              

                628
952

              


              
              
              

                377
456

              
              

                426
562

              


              
              
              

                19
184
500

              
              

                45
093
953

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                
                
                Accumulated depreciation

              

                (6
566
417

              
              

                (21
738
392

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                12
618
083

              
              

                23
355
561

              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              

                

              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                1
134
128

              
              

                1
213
281

              


              
              
              

                -

              
              

                -

              


              
              
              

                102
761

              
              

                463
246

              


              
              
              

                1
358

              
              

                1
419
428

              


              
              
              

                1
238
247

              
              

                3
095
955

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              


                  
                
                : Accumulated amortization

              

                (373
784

              
              

                (718
017

              


              
              
              

                864
463

              
              

                2
377
938

              

        






The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&#8217;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days inspection period after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&#8217;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days inspection period
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has corrected this error and adjusted for the impact upon the Company&#8217;s financial position and result of operations as detailed below
 which include the regrouping of amounts attributable to Discontinued Operations as discussed in Note 21 above.


        
          
          

        
          
          
            






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                215
315
437

              
              

                (8
571
793

              
              

                206
743
644

              


              
              
              

                179
197
430

              
              

                (7
076
892

              
              

                172
120
538

              


              
              
              

                36
118
006

              
              

                (1
494
900

              
              

                34
623
106

              


              
              
              

                14
052
920

              
              

                (1
494
900

              
              

                12
558
020

              


              
              
              

                (10
728
224

              
              

                -

              
              

                (10
728
224

              


              
              
              

                3
324
696

              
              

                (1
494
900

              
              

                1
829
796

              


              
              
              

                (1
191
239

              
              

                (1
494
900

              
              

                (2
686
139

              


    


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                62
532
017

              
              

                (9
269
327

              
              

                53
262
690

              


              
              
              

                43
712
048

              
              

                6
779
018

              
              

                50
491
066

              


              
              
              

                191
049
927

              
              

                (2
449
159

              
              

                188
600
768

              


              
              
              

                309
537
530

              
              

                (2
449
159

              
              

                307
088
371

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                5
863
261

              
              

                (1
017
181

              
              

                4
846
080

              


              
              
              

                97
003
426

              
              

                (1
017
181

              
              

                95
986
245

              


              
              
              

                107
569
431

              
              

                (1
017
181

              
              

                106
552
250

              

            
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              

                101
389
920

              
              

                (1
370
586

              
              

                100
019
334

              


              
              
              

                201
968
099

              
              

                (1
431
978

              
              

                200
536
121

              


              
              
              

                309
537
531

              
              

                (2
449
160

              
              

                307
088
371

              

        















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        

            

          

              
            





        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 the age of account receivables has been less than one year indicating that the Company is subject to minimal risk borne from credit extended to customers.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 the Company&#8217;s business
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be influenced by changes in the political
 economic
 and legal environments in the PRC.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 among others
 the political
 economic and legal environment and foreign currency exchange. The Company&#8217;s results may be adversely affected by changes in the political and social conditions in the PRC
 and by changes in governmental policies with respect to laws and regulations
 anti-inflationary measures
 currency conversion
 remittances abroad
 and rates and methods of taxation
 among other things.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 the Company has purchased insurance to cover potential damage to employees
 equipment
 and local environment.


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
            


        
          
          
          

        
          
          
          

 significant increases in the price of raw materials and labor that cannot be passed to the Company&#8217;s customers could adversely impact the Company&#8217;s results of operations.


    






The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016



        
          
          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          
            


    





        
          
          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 2015. The Company recognizes revenue upon shipping of products to its customers where title of the goods passes upon departure from the Company&#8217;s facilities; however
 in certain instances
 contractual terms dictate that the customers are afforded seven days after the receipt of goods at their premises to inspect the goods for defects or spoilage and notify the Company. If the Company is not contacted within those seven days
 the Company&#8217;s obligation to the customer are considered fully discharged and revenue should be recognized. Given the timing of these seven days
 the Company believes that certain sales transactions have been erroneously recognized during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Company has rectified this error and the impact of the Company&#8217;s financial position and result of operations are detailed below.


    





        
          
          

              
            


        
          
          

        
          
          

 liabilities
 and results of operations of the Company
 and its subsidiaries
 which are listed below:






              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              
              


              
              
              
              
              
              

                100.0

              
              

                46
659
135

              


              


              
              
              
              

                100.0

              
              

                44
861
741

              


              


              
              
              
              

                80.2

              
              

                12
123
985

              


              


              
              
              
              

                100.0

              
              

                1
540
666

              


              


              
              
              
              

                100.0

              
              

                3
797
774

              


              


              
              
              
              

                100.0

              
              

                2
303
063

              


              


              
              
              
              

                100.0

              
              

                149
939

              



      In 2014
 the Company invested $2
100
000
      in Athena/Minerve Group whereby the Company controlling shareholder of Minerve. Minerve conducted operations in manufacturing
 packaging and sales activities in France and import and storage operations in Portugal. During the years ended December 31
 2015
 the financial position and results of operations of Minerve were accounted for as subsidiaries in the Company&#8217;s financial statements; however
 during the year ended December 31
 2016
 Minerve became insolvent and compelled into bankruptcy by creditors
 and
 ultimately liquidation. Accordingly
 the Company lost control of Minerve and written of the value of its investment in Minerve. All receivables due by Minerve to subsidiaries still controlled by the Company have been written off. The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements at December 31
 2015 have been recast to provide improved comparability for the Company&#8217;s continuing operations.
    
    

      Shandong Economic Development Investment Corporation
 which is a PRC state-owned entity
 holds
      19.8% equity interest in Shandong Lorain.
    





      
    

 actual results could differ materially from those estimates.





      
    
    





      
    
    

 net of the related tax effect
 on available for sale securities are excluded from net income and are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income until realized. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities are determined on a specific-identification basis.

 the Company considers whether it has the ability and intent to hold the investment until a market price recovery and considers whether evidence indicating the cost of the investment is recoverable outweighs evidence to the contrary. Evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment
 the severity and duration of the impairment
 changes in value subsequent to year end
 and forecasted performance of the investee.
    





      
    
    





      
    

 direct labor
 inbound shipping costs
 and allocated overhead. The Company applies the weighted average cost method to its inventory.





      
    
    





      
    

      Plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is provided over their estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method. The Company&#8217;s typically applies a salvage value of
      0% to
      10%. The estimated useful lives of the plant and equipment are as follows:
    


              
              

                20
                -
                40
                years



              



                30
                years



              
              

                1
                -
                10
                years



              
              

                10
                years



              
              

                5
                years




 and any gain or loss are included in the Company&#8217;s results of operations. The costs of maintenance and repairs are recognized to expenses as incurred; significant renewals and betterments are capitalized.





      
    

 and costs of acquisition and installation of related equipment. Amounts classified as construction in progress and prepayments for equipment are transferred to plant and equipment when substantially all the activities necessary to prepare the assets for their intended use are completed. Depreciation is not provided for assets classified in this account.





      
    

      Land use rights are carried at cost and amortized on a straight-line basis over a specified period. Amortization is provided using the straight-line method over
      40
      -
      50
      years.
    





      
    

 then impairment has incurred; accordingly
 a charge to the Company&#8217;s results of operations will be recognized during the period. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted expected future cash flow analysis.





      
    

 introduction of new technologies
 or if the Company has inadequate working capital to utilize the long-lived assets to generate the adequate profits. Impairment is present if the carrying amount of an asset is less than its expected future undiscounted cash flows.

 a loss is recognized based on the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair market value of the asset. Assets to be disposed are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.





      
    

      Statutory reserves are referring to the amount appropriated from the net income in accordance with laws or regulations
 which can be used to recover losses and increase capital
 as approved
 and are to be used to expand production or operations. PRC laws prescribe that an enterprise operating at a profit must appropriate and reserve
 on an annual basis
 an amount equal to
      10% of its profit. Such an appropriation is necessary until the reserve reaches a maximum that is equal to
      50% of the enterprise&#8217;s PRC registered capital.
    





      
    

 and its revenues and expenses are translated at the average exchange rate during the period. Capital accounts are translated at their historical exchange rates when the capital transactions occurred.


              
              
              


                  
                

              
              


                  
                

              


              
              
              

                6.9437

              
              

                6.4907

              


              
              
              

                6.6430

              
              

                6.2175

              


              
              
              

                0.8919

              
              

                0.9168

              


              
              
              

                0.8960

              
              

                0.9011

              


    





      
    

 where persuasive evidence of arrangement exists
 the price has been fixed or is determinable
 the delivery has been completed and no other significant obligations of the Company exists
 and collectability of payment is reasonably assured. Payments received prior to all of the foregoing criteria are recorded as customer deposits. Recorded revenue is derived from the value of goods invoiced less value-added tax (VAT).





      
    
    





      
    
    





      
    
    





      
    
    





      
    

 deferred taxes are provided for the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not these items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits
 or that future realization is uncertain.





      
    

 &#8220;Reporting Comprehensive Income&#8221;. Comprehensive income is comprised of net income and all changes to the statements of stockholders&#8217; equity
 except the changes in paid-in capital and distributions to stockholders due to investments by stockholders.





      
    

 &#8220;Earnings per share&#8221;. Basic EPS is measured as the income or loss available to common shareholders divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted EPS presents the dilutive effect on a per share basis from the potential conversion of convertible securities or the exercise of options and or warrants; the dilutive effects of potentially convertible securities are calculated using the as-if method; the potentially dilutive effect of options or warrants are calculated using the treasury stock method. Securities that are potentially an anti-dilutive effect (i.e. those that increase income per share or decrease loss per share) are excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS.





      
    

 including cash and equivalents
 accounts and other receivables
 accounts and other payables
 accrued liabilities and short-term debt
 have carrying amounts that approximate their fair values due to their short maturities. ASC Topic 820
 &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures
&#8221; requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. ASC Topic 825
 &#8220;Financial Instruments
&#8221; defines fair value
 and establishes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement that enhances disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for receivables and current liabilities each qualify as financial instruments and are a reasonable estimate of their fair values because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their current market rate of interest. The three levels of valuation hierarchy are defined as follows:


          
          

            



          
          


 and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly or indirectly
 for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.



          
          

            




 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
&#8221; and ASC 815.





      
    

 assessments
 litigation
 fines and penalties and other sources are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the assessment can be reasonably estimated.





      
    

 the FASB issued guidance which simplifies the accounting for goodwill impairment. The updated guidance eliminates Step 2 of the impairment test
 which requires entities to calculate the implied fair value of goodwill to measure a goodwill impairment charge. Instead
 entities will record an impairment charge based on the excess of a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount over its fair value
 determined in Step 1. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.

 the FASB amended the existing accounting standards for business combinations. The amendments clarify the definition of a business with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The Company is currently evaluating the impact on the financial statements of this guidance.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which addresses the presentation of restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. The guidance requires entities to show the changes in the total of cash
 cash equivalents
 restricted cash
 and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. As a result
 entities will no longer present transfers between cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting for Intra-Entity Transfers of Assets Other Than Inventory. The guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of intra-entity transfers
 other than inventory
 when the transfer occurs The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the classification of certain cash receipts and cash payments on the statement of cash flows. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which requires credit losses on financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected
 not based on incurred losses. Further
 credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities should be recorded through an allowance for credit losses limited to the amount by which fair value is below amortized cost. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for leases. Consistent with current guidance
 the recognition
 measurement
 and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease by a lessee primarily will depend on its classification. Under the new guidance
 a lessee will be required to recognize assets and liabilities for all leases with lease terms of more than twelve months. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.

 the FASB issued guidance
 which amends the existing accounting standards for the recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. The updated guidance primarily addresses certain aspects of recognition
 measurement
 presentation
 and disclosure of financial instruments. The Company is currently evaluating the timing and the impact of this guidance on the financial statements.



























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for commitments and contingencies
 which may include policies for recognizing and measuring loss and gain contingencies.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in financial assets
 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
12)



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for postemployment benefits. Postemployment benefits are benefits provided to former or inactive employees
 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) special or contractual termination benefits
 and d) stock compensation plans.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          

            100.0

          
          

            46
659
135

          


          


          
          
          
          

            100.0

          
          

            44
861
741

          


          


          
          
          
          

            80.2

          
          

            12
123
985

          


          


          
          
          
          

            100.0

          
          

            1
540
666

          


          


          
          
          
          

            100.0

          
          

            3
797
774

          


          


          
          
          
          

            100.0

          
          

            2
303
063

          


          


          
          
          
          

            100.0

          
          

            149
939

          

    






          
          

            20
            -
            40
            years



          



            30
            years



          
          

            1
            -
            10
            years



          
          

            10
            years



          
          

            5
            years


    






          
          
          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          


          
          
          

            6.9437

          
          

            6.4907

          


          
          
          

            6.6430

          
          

            6.2175

          


          
          
          

            0.8919

          
          

            0.9168

          


          
          
          

            0.8960

          
          

            0.9011

          

    

































































A tabular presentation of the information summarizing investments in and advances to majority-owned subsidiaries
 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates
 as prescribed by the SEC. It reflects specified information about ownership
 financial results from
 and financial position in such entities. Includes the tabular presentations that disaggregate investments in and advances to majority-owned subsidiaries
 other controlled companies
 and other affiliates.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          

            3
948
880

          
          

            37
127
548

          


          


              
            
            
            Allowance for doubtful accounts

          

            (695
547

          
          

            (420
196

          


          
          
          

            3
253
333

          
          

            36
707
352

          

    






          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            (5
901
811

          
          

            (421
464

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            5
206
263

          
          

            1
268

          


          
          
          

            (695
547

          
          

            (420
196

          

    




































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            16
562
185

          


          
          
          

            11
840
748

          
          

            11
689
027

          


          
          
          

            11
840
748

          
          

            28
251
212

          

    






Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]


          
          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            58
866
129

          
          

            62
883
574

          


          
          
          

            6
917
774

          
          

            8
484
858

          


          
          
          

            418
048

          
          

            430
317

          


          
          
          

            154
687

          
          

            165
483

          


          
          
          

            66
356
368

          
          

            71
964
232

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


              
            
            : Accumulated depreciation

          

            (14
459
355

          
          

            (13
209
478

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            51
897
283

          
          

            58
754
754

          

    






Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            14
208
013

          
          

            15
356
397

          


          
          
          

            4
800

          
          

            47
926

          


          
          
          

            14
252
813

          
          

            15
404
323

          


          


              
            
            : Accumulated amortization

          

            (1
666
298

          
          

            (1
595
747

          


          
          
          

            12
586
515

          
          

            13
808
576

          

    






Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          

            

          


              
            

          
          


              
            

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            6.305% per annum; due 1/4/2016

          

            -

          
          

            1
016
839

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            6.955% per annum; due 4/20/2016*

          

            3
596
461

          
          

            3
851
665

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            6.02% per annum; due 12/26/2016

          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 4/30/2017

          

            1
080
116

          
          

            -

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017

          

            1
134
842

          
          

            -

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 6/29/2017

          

            1
080
116

          
          

            -

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            4.30% per annum; due 8/2/2017

          

            950
502

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


 Linyi Branch

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226;Interest rate at
            5.98% per annum due 9/22/2016*

          

            1
440
154

          
          

            1
540
666

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


 Junan Branch

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            5.52% per annum due 9/5/2016*

          

            -

          
          

            3
081
332

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            5.655% per annum due 1/31/2017

          

            -

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


 Luotian Branch

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            5.65% per annum due 4/22/2017

          

            1
440
154

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226;Interest rate at
            5.6% per annum due 1/6/2016

          

            -

          
          

            770
333

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 1/14/2017

          

            1
440
154

          
          

            2
002
866

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 2/4/2017

          

            432
046

          
          

            -

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 9/7/2017

          

            432
046

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            7.80% per annum due 10/27/2016*

          

            1
152
124

          
          

            1
232
533

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


 Guanggu Branch


          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            6.85% per annum due 10/24/2016*

          

            1
347
047

          
          

            1
540
666

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            9.72% per annum due 7/27/2016*

          

            374
440

          
          

            400
573

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            7.28% per annum due 1/19/2016

          

            -

          
          

            1
540
666

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016*

          

            720
077

          
          

            770
333

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            6.18% per annum due 11/29/2016

          

            -

          
          

            616
266

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            5.66% per annum due 5/19/2017

          

            1
440
154

          
          

            1
540
666

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


 Junan Branch


          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 2/16/2016*

          

            1
438
707

          
          

            1
540
666

          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            8.4% per annum due 11/24/2016*

          

            2
880
310

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160; &#160; &#160; &#160;&#8226; Interest rate at
            9.00% per annum due 1/12/2017

          

            288
032

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            22
667
482

          
          

            21
446
069

          

    






Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          


              Debenture issued by
              5
              private placement holders underwritten by
            

 Ltd.

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
            10% per annum due 8/28/2016

          

            8
921
756

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


              Debenture issued by
              2
              private placement holders underwritten by
            
            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
            9.5% per annum due 11/8/2015

          

            14
401
544

          
          

            15
406
658

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            
            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2015

          

            1
875
000

          
          

            1
875
000

          


          

            &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 9/15/2015

          

            1
875
000

          
          

            1
875
000

          


          

            &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Interest rate at
            5.510% per annum due 3/15/2016

          

            1
875
000

          
          

            1
875
000

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            28
948
300

          
          

            21
031
659

          

    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            10
562

          
          

            731
080

          


          
          
          

            16
151

          
          

            1
678
568

          


          
          
          

            13
684

          
          

            5
046

          


          
          
          

            72
245

          
          

            40
058

          


          
          
          

            161

          
          

            172

          


          
          
          

            134
827

          
          

            72
974

          


          
          
          

            1
176

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            248
807

          
          

            2
527
899

          

    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


              Debenture issued by
              5
              private placement holders underwritten by
            

 Ltd.

          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            &#160;&#8226;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Interest rate at
            10% per annum due 8/28/2016

          

            -

          
          

            9
544
425

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            9
544
425

          

    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            (84
936
317

          
          

            11
806
807

          


          
          
          

            (338
200

          
          

            (1
520
892

          


          
          
          

            (85
274
517

          
          

            10
285
915

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            PRC Statutory Tax at
            25% Rate

          

            1
898
616

          
          

            3
362
784

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            1
898
616

          
          

            3
362
784

          

    






          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          


          
          
          

            38
264
874

          
          

            37
108
688

          


          
          
          

            &#160;
            -

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          

    






          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            35%

          
          

            35%

          


          


          

            -
            10%

          
          

            -
            10%

          


          
          
          

            -
            27.22%

          
          

            -
            27.23%

          


          
          
          

            -
            2.22%

          
          

            -
            2.23%

          

    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




      
      
      


          
        

      
      


          
        

      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        (135
973
101

      
      

        2
619
528

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        38
259
490

      
      

        34
916
714

      


      

        

      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        15
000

      
      

        3
342
776

      


      
      
      

        38
264
874

      
      

        37
108
688

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      

        

      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        -

      
      

        -

      


      
      
      

        38
264
874

      
      

        37
108
688

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        (2.28

      
      

        0.19

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        (1.28

      
      

        (0.12

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        (3.55

      
      

        (0.07

      

    
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

        38
264
874

      
      

        37
108
688

      

  






Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          

            

          

            

          
          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          

            74
420

          
          

            89
258

          
          

            10
711

          


          
          
          

            74
420

          
          

            89
258

          
          

            10
711

          


          
          
          

            74
420

          
          

            89
258

          
          

            10
711

          


          
          
          

            74
420

          
          

            89
258

          
          

            10
711

          


          
          
          

            74
420

          
          

            89
258

          
          

            10
711

          


          
          
          

            843
427

          
          

            1
019
029

          
          

            123
177

          


          
          
          

            1
215
527

          
          

            1
465
319

          
          

            176
732

          

    






Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          

            1
007
185

          


          
          

            -

          


          
          

            -

          


          
          

            1
007
185

          




              
            
            : Amount representing estimated executory costs (such as taxes
 maintenance
 and insurance)

            including profit thereon
 included in total minimum lease payments

          

            -

          


          
          

            1
007
185

          




              
            
            : Amount representing interest

          
          
          


          
          

            1
007
185

          

    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            8
833
130

          
          

            &#160;
            -

          


          
          
          

            20
838
366

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            1
184
309

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            13
207
563

          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            1
848
087

          
          

            392
683

          


          
          
          

            45
911
455

          
          

            392
683

          

    















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016

Schedule of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures [Table Text Block]


          

            

            



          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          

            35
178
846

          
          

            66
032
083

          


          
          
          

            29
629
863

          
          

            57
390
872

          


          
          
          

            5
548
982

          
          

            8
641
211

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            24
576
521

          
          

            9
539
844

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            (29
705
992

          
          

            (7
557
485

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            (48
733
531

          
          

            (8
456
119

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            454
416

          
          

            1
153
151

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            &#160;

              (49
187
947
            


            

          

            &#160;

              (9
609
269



            


        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            245
778

          
          

            1
077
521

          


          
          
          

            (1
505
342

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            (8
578
662

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            (19
284
481

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            (6
786
928

          


          
          
          

            (583
285

          
          

            (1
848
078


            )
            -



          
          
          

            (29
705
992

          
          

            (7
557
485

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          




          

            

          
          

            

          


          
          
          

            19
745
847

          
          

            70
570
853

          


          
          
          

            16
362
855

          
          

            32
051
046

          


          

            

          

            36
108
702

          
          

            102
621
899

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            13
811
908

          
          

            43
165
043

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            326
591

          


          

            

          

            13
811
908

          
          

            43
491
634

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            22
296
795

          
          

            59
130
265

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          

            36
108
702

          
          

            102
621
899

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            1
966
135

          
          

            22
036
952

          


          


              
            
            : Allowance for doubtful accounts

          

            -

          
          

            (5
481
615

          


          
          
          

            1
966
135

          
          

            16
555
337

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            4
503
460

          
          

            13
488
996

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            8
750
858

          


          
          
          

            4
503
460

          
          

            22
239
854

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            12
603
279

          
          

            19
794
637

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            209
010

          


          


          

            -

          
          

            10
331
020

          


          
          
          

            6
201
595

          
          

            13
703
772

          


          
          
          

            2
170

          
          

            628
952

          


          
          
          

            377
456

          
          

            426
562

          


          
          
          

            19
184
500

          
          

            45
093
953

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            
            
            Accumulated depreciation

          

            (6
566
417

          
          

            (21
738
392

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            12
618
083

          
          

            23
355
561

          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          

            

          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            1
134
128

          
          

            1
213
281

          


          
          
          

            -

          
          

            -

          


          
          
          

            102
761

          
          

            463
246

          


          
          
          

            1
358

          
          

            1
419
428

          


          
          
          

            1
238
247

          
          

            3
095
955

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          


              
            
            : Accumulated amortization

          

            (373
784

          
          

            (718
017

          


          
          
          

            864
463

          
          

            2
377
938

          

    






Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016




          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            215
315
437

          
          

            (8
571
793

          
          

            206
743
644

          


          
          
          

            179
197
430

          
          

            (7
076
892

          
          

            172
120
538

          


          
          
          

            36
118
006

          
          

            (1
494
900

          
          

            34
623
106

          


          
          
          

            14
052
920

          
          

            (1
494
900

          
          

            12
558
020

          


          
          
          

            (10
728
224

          
          

            -

          
          

            (10
728
224

          


          
          
          

            3
324
696

          
          

            (1
494
900

          
          

            1
829
796

          


          
          
          

            (1
191
239

          
          

            (1
494
900

          
          

            (2
686
139

          

    






          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            62
532
017

          
          

            (9
269
327

          
          

            53
262
690

          


          
          
          

            43
712
048

          
          

            6
779
018

          
          

            50
491
066

          


          
          
          

            191
049
927

          
          

            (2
449
159

          
          

            188
600
768

          


          
          
          

            309
537
530

          
          

            (2
449
159

          
          

            307
088
371

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            5
863
261

          
          

            (1
017
181

          
          

            4
846
080

          


          
          
          

            97
003
426

          
          

            (1
017
181

          
          

            95
986
245

          


          
          
          

            107
569
431

          
          

            (1
017
181

          
          

            106
552
250

          

        
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          


          
          
          

            101
389
920

          
          

            (1
370
586

          
          

            100
019
334

          


          
          
          

            201
968
099

          
          

            (1
431
978

          
          

            200
536
121

          


          
          
          

            309
537
531

          
          

            (2
449
160

          
          

            307
088
371

          

    




































Tabular disclosure of prior period adjustments to previously issued financial statements including (1) the effect of the correction on each financial statement line item and any per-share amounts affected for each prior period presented (2) the cumulative effect of the change on retained earnings or other appropriate components of equity or net assets in the statement of financial position
 as of the beginning of the earliest period presented
 and (3) the effect of the prior period adjustments (both gross and net of applicable income tax) on the net income of each prior period presented in the entity's annual report for the year in which the adjustments are made.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















100
000































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















361
080





086
641














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















934
411





075
599














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















177





391











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















255
911





968
089





100
000





786
928





786
928





219
172


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















000
000





000
000





000
000





794
066








































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















500





355
276





000











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016


















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















857
577















































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Capital Lease Obligations (Narrative) (Details) - 12 months ended Dec. 31
 2016














057
571





447























805
493





546























163
845





539























439





484























228





325























647
563





304





















007
185











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Contingencies and Litigation (Narrative) (Details) - 12 months ended Dec. 31
 2016








000
000





225
806









000
000





499
390









746
927





633









000
000































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















659
135










861
741










123
985










540
666










797
774










303
063










939










































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016


































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















948
880





127
548





547)





196)





253
333





707
352


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















901
811)





464)















206
263





268





547)





196)




























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















562
185





840
748





689
027





840
748





251
212


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Schedule of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Details)








Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 1

866
129



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 2

883
574



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 3

917
774



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 4

484
858



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 5

048



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 6

317



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 7

687



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 8

483



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 9

356
368



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 10

964
232



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 11

459
355)



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 12

209
478)



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 13

897
283



Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 14

754
754







Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 8




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 3




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 5




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 7




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 9




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 6




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 2




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 10




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 11




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 14




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 1




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 4




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 12




























Plant And Equipment Schedule Of Property
 Plant And Equipment 13









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















208
013





356
397





800





926





252
813





404
323





666
298)





595
747)





586
515





808
576






















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























016
839










596
461





851
665

























080
116















134
842















080
116















502















440
154





540
666















081
332

























440
154




















333










440
154





002
866










046















046















152
124





232
533










347
047





540
666










440





573















540
666










077





333















266










440
154





540
666










438
707





540
666










880
310















032










667
482





446
069













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























921
756




















401
544





406
658










875
000





875
000










875
000





875
000










875
000





875
000





948
300





031
659



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















562





080





151





678
568





684





046





245





058















827





974





176










807





527
899




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }































544
425










544
425


































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















936
317)





806
807





200)





520
892)





274
517)





285
915










898
616





362
784















898
616





362
784













































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























264
874





108
688












































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2016


































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















973
101)





619
528





259
490





916
714





000





342
776





264
874





108
688















264
874





108
688



































264
874





108
688
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















420





258





711





420





258





711





420





258





711





420





258





711





420





258





711





427





019
029





177





215
527





465
319





732





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















007
185















007
185










007
185





007
185































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















833
130










838
366










184
309










207
563





848
087





683





911
455





683



















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Schedule of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Details)








Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 1

178
846



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 2

032
083



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 3

629
863



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 4

390
872



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 5

548
982



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 6

641
211



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 7

576
521



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 8

539
844



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 9

705
992)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 10

557
485)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 11

733
531)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 12

456
119)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 13

416



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 14

153
151



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 15

187
947)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 16

609
269)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 17

778



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 18

077
521



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 19

505
342)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 20




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 21

578
662)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 22




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 23

284
481)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 24




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 25




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 26

786
928)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 27

285)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 28

848
078)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 29




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 30

705
992)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 31

557
485)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 32

745
847



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 33

570
853



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 34

362
855



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 35

051
046



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 36

108
702



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 37

621
899



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 38

811
908



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 39

165
043



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 40




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 41

591



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 42

811
908



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 43

491
634



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 44

296
795



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 45

130
265



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 46

108
702



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 47

621
899



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 48

966
135



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 49

036
952



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 50




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 51

481
615)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 52

966
135



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 53

555
337



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 54

503
460



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 55

488
996



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 56




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 57

750
858



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 58

503
460



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 59

239
854



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 60

603
279



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 61

794
637



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 62




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 63

010



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 64




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 65

331
020



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 66

201
595



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 67

703
772



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 68

170



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 69

952



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 70

456



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 71

562



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 72

184
500



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 73

093
953



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 74

566
417)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 75

738
392)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 76

618
083



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 77

355
561



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 78

134
128



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 79

213
281



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 80




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 81




Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 82

761



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 83

246



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 84

358



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 85

419
428



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 86

238
247



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 87

095
955



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 88

784)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 89

017)



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 90

463



Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 91

377
938







Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 23




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 63




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 59




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 72




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 73




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 43




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 66




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 61




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 49




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 2




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 76




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 50




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 9




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 51




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 74




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 86




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 24




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 28




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 81




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 40




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 5




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 80




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 60




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 52




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 17




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 25




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 26




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 14




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 47




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 38




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 31




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 42




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 78




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 65




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 88




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 36




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 83




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 69




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 3




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 18




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 56




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 45




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 29




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 91




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 19




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 90




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 58




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 34




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 54




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 1




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 82




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 48




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 11




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 71




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 12




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 8




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 4




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 68




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 87




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 21




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 30




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 46




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 20




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 41




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 39




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 57




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 7




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 22




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 67




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 64




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 33




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 89




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 27




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 44




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 10




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 32




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 6




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 62




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 35




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 70




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 15




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 84




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 75




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 13




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 16




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 55




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 79




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 37




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 77




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 85




























Discontinued Operations Schedule Of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations
 Income Statement
 Balance Sheet And Additional Disclosures 53









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















315
437





571
793)





743
644





197
430





076
892)





120
538





118
006





494
900)





623
106





052
920





494
900)





558
020





728
224)










728
224)





324
696





494
900)





829
796





191
239)





494
900)





686
139)





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















532
017





269
327)





262
690





712
048





779
018





491
066





049
927





449
159)





600
768





537
530





449
159)





088
371





863
261





017
181)





846
080





003
426





017
181)





986
245





569
431





017
181)





552
250





389
920





370
586)





019
334





968
099





431
978)





536
121





537
531





449
160)





088
371





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $];7TL?(\\#P    !



C
M4Y2?<0]!Z0^U1VB;Y@8<DC**%S *JQ$)GNCA8ZHR

NI++.W!X

MQ
!J9S]6:\?1TDB @LE]E 6Z2?:CTQ4(
@T[.IU8SG9\]L3MGXS*VG0T;1K@


M%;7E0-
@ %AP=M;

MG9 %#@ WQ-%
4'RO0;:*X

A
_)V&F&I0' *D3&6H8;XM



^8
CLS9%USM:1#A&2



MR
=4KY

6D$N!LT$DN/R+RO JQ GH9%LE



M

M!A87
N10[I*0!A
!S93)1/ @F2F'(8^@N]\@RY*17.K3XY?T4L@X9.7M(E


6_0T7X\48JVFL:W&VC$


M2P



C@):2@CZFEIQ-Z[OD8(@I8( 
%

M!4I4(=\_Z@&264CG'
Y96I%\D2UF0@R#5\$#)J&6'V009B;*,)SM.$QFXL<9A)D)
M- RG/ XSFOBA!F'F5.\QV%:$R_0=@Z33TZG3'%5I#-7&(8O !RF-_%O

M!@))\)P.? O@







DQ%CQ
M9+
6-&Q9PA8





M8*A
A90]!-@9)8S!(#)*UF2^I#NF3(T/)H21JH9(9DXU!
MTAO_(#?^I+?T/U&@'%BN+AM#6M(G!YEJ1UIDPY4T7(.$*QE'  BQ5*AL&4J'

M) ]Y-H82G?






O%L9F? 






ME%JF^.6D+C(((%.9R/
7*7])2 %:WR,E2(EP GCOC0N'[GM.,]@I SVZ:*
M'(,]..M5^KAP4F]$I$MF[X0\A)%V*=+ U*X/H TTH!(-S9;3AN)9T#F?/$H

MW==N.:&6(F[$

2)("42Z#Y<4
M--*AB0NY2ATRROCXHQ+.;F<'):5H7[OSQ6;V:[Z.+?=N=3D[NWL\AF[P[;D

)Y(]NA@/1WXOZ_7AN9J]5VU9E?^#V5E5MB$;%(I;'(13[V\4IO+7=
M5QN_U\-!Y'#15I?QD'5Y.^E=_P=02P
$%     @ 3UM?2U]7.M4U!   *!(


R:5PNF+XA![XZN&S7GV1R+JOO

MG#$5%]GA&





$%     @ 3UM?2W)B=;
]


M':-Q7F


M9Z6K7$FDK].)TQP @@W$N&4HYG(.Y;V*R0,7A6)@$E. .5&HIQR2B\X^F#







M8DL



7 V ZTJ3  -7 ^#*
M-

0:$'$)
KWS!%.:N


$%     @ 3UM?2\D*8@ZI
M 0  D0


%SA92*
MB5#&[R4G74M&XM9^R_XI]8Z]7(2')ZM^R2;T)7V@I(%6CH\V^DS+/W<4K(T






M;9Z]
( 57ZAMEO3O.S:$T)07/#
^9^;


Y'ZUY\!Q#(JU;&%[0+H3\PYJL.
4U-(084G.WZ!N9]K2N;FO\$%%

M#U;/65*%J_3*4TZQ^GF^F:F;1/X3. +X2[585.AI/RS*+
G1V)FV;?B_B+

(TBW:%XC]%+N;_E.;O$1#/F.&'X&K
@&&9?2OM$D?^'YUOT[--
MA5FB9_\HS#XHW,)\^E$K4:BP;5I&3RI[&#2(JZBR[[=\S32=_BTK-^%:Z7Q
MY&P#_I@TOL;: AE=X4;T.'[6!P%38CF+=INVI+);:?'P!;7F'Y%U!+ P04



6D<\E(7-J?V1]2[Z&7LW!PC^JGK'R;TUM*
M*JA%K_P+#H\P]7--R=3\$UQ !7A4$FJ4J%SZDK)W'O64)4C1XF,\I4GG,-[P
M_41;)_)P&?;:K#QD))^3?A19%9'(@=9]^)^(NW!QYF4\9@&D6Z^)=B%Z*


MT(;W


 S^*U%^
M0


M'4 @KUH97] NA/[(F*\ZT
+?V!X

+L+#HU4_91VZ@AXHJ:$1@PK/=OP$<S\?*)F;

MR0FVGQ\ 6UYA^0=02P
$%     @ 3UM?2X#NA?&I 0  D0

71_RH
MM7!_SJ#L5-*

8@.OD/X





M

! U+RP)1_?O


MQ  K\UZT\ /S_[BT&-+EEIJ,%Y:0QPT!7W8G\Y9Q? +PFC7]DD=G*U]CDZ

HTAW*-YC
M]%9F]SF[Q3PSY#Q!^ JR7Q 
DR\5^%:%



MP@
H%1.AC-]S3KJ4C
2U_9;]

_

M.FPJE)1_%D&4N;




3



M]GOVQ]@[]G(1#AZ

M/XCPB]

/HM4P/=SF[AD0+YC1C^!:S(AAF7TOPO1(G_A^=
M[].S7859I&?;ZG?)!X5[F(\:V68D&FP;E\&1RHQ]7

M85O9.W(Q'G]

M2P
$%     @ 3UM?2X&KG7VJ 0  D0

MW!7V8
)-@U8+
M'TS;

M%(T?=4%W41 HJ'R
(
)V@5M0*@8*
O[



$CW[1V'V3N$6


Q%#0^'C^'LYVF9#(\]O
'8

MCLD&M



IHS!-(IT%\2[$#T7VR]7&3O'1!/F
M
&+X$C
C6

MW@3;CELR.AZ[Z0&P^146?P%02P
$%     @ 3UM?2SZ+!4FL 0  D0
  !D


M(W/3['L9?_'VD-%LJAA
HTAW)-Y3]%)N[_:YN
1$
^8X8;(U9D$(RKZ4R*Z5



$%     @ 3UM?2W_ YDJI 0  D0

M@


HC/@%^29C\






$%     @
M3UM?2V:BM?ZK 0  D0


M#?SW_FR#QY8LM=1@G$1#+#0%O=\=3_N(3X ?$D:WLDGLY(+X$IW/=4&S* @4
M5#YF$.&XP@
H%1
%&;_FG'0I&8EK^RW[4^H]]'(1#AY0_92U[PIZH*2&1@S*




1)?$+ GE]N^7!
K8C2_$=MZSGXV3CVA?7 ?@
MR:M6QA6T\[X_

P@PG&%1U J)@HR





M=X

MH' J:4[? L^RZWT
L*H81 ??P'\?SC9X;
W22 W&233$0EO2^_QX.D1\ OR0
M
+F-36(G%\27Z'QN2II%0:@]C&#

MEXMP\(#JIVQ\7]([2AIHQ:C\

Q^HH:'TT/P;;SELR.QZ'Y0&P]156?P!02P,$%
M  @ 3UM?2]\&9U2J 0  D0,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
C$N
^^'(V.N[D$+=X
DA
M@(%M8\91#BN\ !*Q41!QJ\E)UU+1N+6?LG^

M5HS*/^+T99^;BE9FO\5U !'I6$&C4JE[ZD'IU'O60)4K1XGD]ITCG--_G[





-/ #_,_^9-%C2Y:J
M4Z!=9S2Q4.?T-CD<TX/@%\=C&YED]#)V9C7X#Q6.=T%02A]&#P.


#S/U\HV1N

MCC?]_ #8\@J+OU!+ P04     !/6U]+:

5MU

#@9$'4E:
9XDUTP+V=
RC[&3*7




#4[$S+
?1/C%
UI_M+*W



MDAH:
2C_B.

MKOE

/O:FB
[4BW07Q+G@O








M%DK*OXD@BLS9@;AQ]IV(OWA[X#B;



PVQL0521IQ7B27#





M1?C%NP/WLRE#
(XBWGGQUD

MHS-[PYH_



 S]*U%^0'
7M+8Z 5*O4[5*K73JM.US#@Q$36*6



MTJ1SG&ZR;*9M$_A
X OA-M5A4Z&D_*OPHLPMCL1.L^]%_
7[ P^SJ6(PC2+=



M
 S]*U%^0'


MP.

2K_9*;/

+R#U!+ P04     !/6U]+I8T=Y/P   0#@  &0


M3M
F;5+5:=UO-W$25


MW)-:+^79U%4KGE2DSTW#U9^-J.5U%;/X8^*Y.AQ--Y&LER=^$#^$^7EZ4G:4



!DF*2!) 1+D'@G
M%)BDA0E2. ?/

#*?S3
MAZ# \3-HZ0=&((4O  @**(!A[S-@[
S7  0%1
P_1GP=N[+ ().L 5@ %[
MYQ
=(%!(![@(


=(%!(








72!

+BZ2
M1$62,'ME4@,L[\2(8N/*T'7X5D;5*B^#2.UR,Z3


M
2YX;6QU4^UNG# 0?!7+#Q!SYIJ/$R#E4E6MU$JG5$U_^V !*S9+;7.D;U_;




M4U)!+0;EGG'\#'




M__&XWRRRWQ#@5T6V




M=#

 S]*U%^0




M'U5.DR (%)0N9!#^.


MO:&D@EH

W_A#

MY
)O0.O?Q^(HJ%TPOWG;3%LR.0[[^0&PY146_P!02P
$%     @ 3UM?2Q]&
MG%VJ 0  D0


AP
I\$U\ _=].!OO
ML35++37T5F)/##0%O4^/IRS@(^'A
EN;!(ZN2^!.=S7= D (%E0L9A#^N

M#Y0LS7^!*R@/#TI\C0J5C5]2C=:A7K)X*5J\SJ?LXSG--[?I0MLG\(7 5\(A




T+GAM;&U3[6Z=



FAPYO:



W8)B6;


$%     @ 3UM?
M2Y/C87&K 0  D0

M[
?&R4=C7UT'X



VV;D
Z$



9.V[@MY24D,C1N4?S/0=EGZN*5F:_PD74 @/
M2K!&992+7U*-SAN]9$$I6KS.I^SC.<TWGZX7VCZ!+P2^$FYC'387BLJ_B_*

M971S+W-H965T

.
M#$3-TOT?[[.8$RUO&%V

Q3[.3*W Y!20

P@\+G /2L5$*./WG)
N)2-Q;;]E_Y)ZQU[.
MPL.]5;]D';JWE)20R,&%9[L^!7F?CY2,C?_ !=0(]*L$9EE4]?4@T^6#UG


M_V#O

:;?$Z*+!@335[*'SKZII!+


;%KD.BEP'


 S^*U%^0'
7UJTZ 5*O4]5)FW3JM/5S#@Q$







+^/(''

MP;WU)^

MTH4

H
C



M2[HI&RJJI4::96JR;,7!K#B[7-DOQ]QX8E=


;F63T

M

W_A#-(
M3 ]*L$9EI(M?4@W.&S6SH!3%7Z=3Z'B.





M971S+W-H965T-#

.
M#$3-TOT?W[.8%2UO&%V

Q3[.3*W Y!20
G1_R@M7!_CJ#L
M6- ]?0L\R;8+

6\0GP2\+H
M5S:)G9RM?8G.U[J@NR@(%%0A9A!X7. !E(J)4



3_T?DV/=M4F5Z







S-?X$+*$R/2K!&995/7U(-/E@]LZ 4+=ZF4YITCC/_%;8-
;K

M




=SP\\6:?^MZ4P1E;$?]Y\=9[S\5V=Y^Q<R:


I_4DN]4DNX\$M\E5DC7
=2/8HN\*3!
G

6K^$LR&A
M=N%Z[^]F'




M!$B;K:I6:J5HJVZO'3():&U



M


MALXT\:0@UGU4 RQIQ_DS3!#1(TQ\0;)/\9K!8Y#IK4:UJOH7'D?CAHA8)6

8@7D$&SFCV7
MU1W&!F5L$
;R?FX^
-([CW*V*
9
&UL;5/;;IPP$/T5


M'GG'ZFA5:'DC%0X^Y&Z*XZ/B3V;VB7]4?A_UKRVV6N5YGE!KHYHP9P)ME@

/4'Z'\'AQF/ W'N
M]/9%K@&#UKCM@]VK,)<A,')<GAQ9WWWU%U!+
M P04     !/6U]+I(O5OL\!  !:!   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M970T.YX;6QU5-N.TS 0_17+'[#.M84JB;1=M ()I&H1\.PFDXO6CK.VTRQ_
MCR]I&UXJ3WC


&:)C(VWF1


M @:UMMN]V4O_W'V@Q3!/


!#]%8L/B%D#




7V&N9\D0'/S
M7^$*S



TWA2*-X32
M&Z'X@Q )TR0Y'&Z$\.H&.


MX27VC



*K%'ME.SD*\V^!;
MF06A-00










(SIS^[LVKW81$&9[B0

@W-T/Q/S$\2/6=]


M:1G_H\Z=%[/;8-87X12[I:+
BJ@H_9C4BTDWF&2%23?=X#@R'S\F\V*R#6:W

.D*D_\?IO!BB@TF6V$*SU\@+N






M1RG?*#E




RYX;6QU5-N.FS 0_17$
M!ZS!A
U%@+39JFJE5HJV:OOLP'#1^D)M$[9_7U]8%@7Z$GO&9\XY8SS)1B%?

MB\SE+K+(Q*!IQ^$B S4P1N3?
 7QV,:K$/;=7(5YM\+7*P\@: @JEM@S$+#=X
M!DHMD;'Q9^(


5^7)


7 W6@M
MLO

1



 S]*U%^0'
$M=M.@-3K-&W2




^





WN@!E+]IM9'





V80\+0%6:[((AG7TK0:R4.]+_T[&YWG2[JC&+!-D_&O,/
M&A,FCQ@5,?0^W^6[CX7(:C 23!=7PJ):CRJNXRJZ;-T#C8/]T\K^XV9CBN+
M3MKYWQ.'V&KMP

CR%JL_4$L#!!0
M   ( $];7TMI:47=4@


JSU67MLLM+636YJKQ:[I?^1WC8




MA8QF/6C0TL2V9D-IDJLFT!FN09 

^@O01A \X/I0&G:[G-5:0D P2$@6X$V30B)N&N?
S
MV
Q*K!@1&2
B8@C'(QI/&!

)*QI.

B:)7.SS&KL
M*#3B@& 3C%H6XWF'G(G)&= 4 P)CX&+
B&['G71B DG&E1 D J$ZT3A;-3Z
MO,@.0[,,)B!S,CFI_VK,:.0N,.$Z!RQ CLJ8=QS'BQ-
 T$0# FG@(LV(


:NPH-/:0@!6ZV#






ML%@=-7LB7!/]
_=FTOX[^TV[E7KV4D8XSM'%)!HUSX
&WVB26\W&I4DG#=(U


=?Q?(#U( QMJ




MV!M2!I(R@%0$I.S]Y3 0P@!(&4#8O!Q:


MP( PT% 8\%P92(I2Q-(;+%@9

&ULC93A
MCILP#


M




MQ$F0H9M)-&H.@P;/-.&D0#K[A
 NQ &OPJ


/

3!B!:
9
6('C V3L;&P8@7C

M9^I$I Y$LDDJS;!VULG8RM@[%9

Q[\*X@
4
MPC








+3IX3\=YJL.QQ@R!G4V*-GD49CB
['W^A_:JU?+/!X*S
-M5[


B/XV<(H
M%GM/=W)B[$4;7\ZE'^J@$(M=0:BECL\ :4ZD2KC]Y33GY$Z<+E_R_[)]*YZ



M=5

0[$ 6WXP7B78+8


N_LG]Q.

$W%8![-
MU5]02P


MD

$GFI
B'$8D


?_D[%I6ZE=^1*MQS;&


$%     @ 3UM?


MVS V!0&%1ID




MQ2-A(
YV/
AD<N-)/U3ZH$^<*=#WQ




MSA  -&MXU::;E1M[5IN5O)BZ:L6S2O2E:;CZNQ6UO*U3F+X/O%2GL^D'LLVJ

0=.)V3O.V^_1/[O)V\GLN!9/LOY=

!0+0AD98$6/Y&X
M7L!0
 CP!6




\%97C5Z'5V/:513IXU747#_)
M5C1VYRQ5S8U=JDND6R7XR1O554002J.:ETVX*;QLKS:%O)FJ;


MG('7^%F*3D_F@4OE(.6K6WPYK4/D(A*5.!KG@MOA+IY%53E/-H[?@]-P9#K#
)
M91QEI?TW.-ZTD?7@Q892\[=^+!L_=OT.Q8,9;$ & S(:D#Z7'N0C_\@-WQ1*
M=H'J#[_E[H[QBMBS.3JA/PJ_9X/75GK?4$2+Z.X<#3J[7H=,=/H$5GO(X)
MB!U9F

00CF%2 I(2@)3-2+U.
B71
MF*9Q_B GI(H0&(S$EV0$H803$E!2@I0\ADE75*RG*0P)@,QV1*#T0R3+8\M
M(92P1Q?$0!(#2'A&8L %)2B)R0-2#I)R@$1FI'Q!^H#3-4Y@TD8P6\0 :QX
M_@@1 *
YS9('_QU^\. Q $OF
+P\0T)92C%]  .?_A83 +8H+V3Y=F.&&
WF

;65E\!SU(:
M80-3S:4J^UQXZ(29^.FF9VKOM#WR/;H8E%8R?=_ 502P
$%     @ 3UM?

B\7]^6A

M[Z;/U\
5VTA\G?U^
]MN_=
#=W
MX\EI*J;OALYWP]F7FVCI:O4R-C3'W!YBW$F

M H1$+),


  OL

MLS[DH #!8B)8@ 3/#60E$[0181Q8P 



M(('X A$D$IPQ+FL+1
!@  ,Q*T$@[3YPV@(P/7$;11DN1\
T$;DO(^ =!
MN)?Q8\1 7


(@

!Z2
MQ 

M;YLP$



C&
G:B4_1OLSDJ+




MPJ 4!*4 B'J@7I.
0#.U9 B QIA\@FM1 8D8.('$!D'@+2Y#D $%$*#P
M(
6D#IPD-,D@4D8P:V&IBR_%Y#4QA-4)K2F;+P3%]C #9I;$@T\QUAL+GO
M


6R8LDCV=AL%D0P =B_Q?6B=[9


MHS/W-_P F:8^H#I!]R9$&.O4WF;9H^1Y+E%



M3H9R


*(P%E-=\$E+(

4*RA;\#

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#8Y+GAM;'64VXZ;,!&7P7Q &MB
M3FE$D#:[6K52*T5;M;UVR'#0VIC:3MB^?7U@*27.36P/_\SWCR-/
7+Q)EL
M%;PSVLM]VHU[!250N
3$^9LY?#GOP\@8 @J5,A6(7J[P
M!)2:0MK&[ZEF.--XG+_4?W%]JY[.1$)3YS^ZLZJW8?;
#A#32Y4O?+Q
TS]




M^1=02P



M8Y@&#H^A^DT(UYPAM@,:^;((X#%QBPTV2A&
YY-L

M02WU

M%\G)_1L

?RK7U!+ P04     !/6U]+6077
'56E]!U&5_*)HU\-!!/+&!%_]T#YN OC\
WQW)U;91RH*@=RAA^@






J\I


Q-E. AG4_-+;*;3PSL/F
NE\&1*_TJ[=LY<:Y %Q+=Z1I:/1QG@\))F6VN]\*-&<H



]2K



P@4$TSR ;%#(!C&(%I![S2I^

&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M<R]S:&5E=#<S+GAM;)6686^;,!&_PKB^X+/8 Q5$JGI-&W2)E6=MGVFB9.@





M
+#5?Q6OHM+R/A/-V
JJ
[^#[;E3LK91=IU\38\R\8\+\,7%MME^ )J%]!Q
M 1UJ&4 F\X^%*M;+5EZ=MC\4]&?


F'1%')&
QS$4!!#0
P!
0\49Y3E24YP4HJ24H24.J34
M)R4YI!P2G
11$D=(W%QCP2,D)F
A23(9C

M.Z
TR?C





CGWF






M])

M#=OH#3ALP'$#]F?IA6SE'[GFRWDKST';FW_@W7\


[
M


U
M]V@\ 



MHV
5987B=_ML._

MSJ;407

MQY4IL/K'8[+P:#6QT7368QD81:[06LG:.T I0N0U:QGH,-B)V(V('(%HCX

M;YLP$



MRFF6P:0




M#]4#V\!

M7^P?=\/R]KC29KV@$




 H&HQHQ;B0E$N
S0G#9$1@1M%F1(M&RBE%A\&(S8@


B='#\)Z

M7



[EF+ A1C2M'IW25&PG8D8$?3=B1K!U/)



1S9PB%!PY'?#4?&

[


MI5$P& 6 $348!0R;A!:B%^6




-#)MPY==#'M]G828:8)I)AH86ZW=6N\Q
MTC 3#31-!/-

MNQF?MM-A
MNK;U_F#GZDX^RX_R]^FGCXRW)WO]KN9U_&:1HWQYEP=^
X#7U_

RHO/X?4$L#!!0    (
M $];7TM@9BVV%0
   @

M;)6646^;



MOV9_;YLWS3P5G7Q0U8]RJP_+



7@5 U-$9+)/
M*00:_2V,Y'21A9([
)V%\U9DZ-0PRW



M4.B@4O_\TC@568XT*2-)&4%B#BDCFD+ F+.



5Q


J^%U%ET-8K5L]W8$



M=E.GIBZ0


\/G

MS\947IW[-CY\VJUS-L[(UG8[C$-4_O)F/]JZ'D?R\_AS&32_





M8M'B 

8*


M3*@0C!7B
^/:'S

M+Q
T6B)(2
2$$L%8(OYOHI&:F83YD=8($AHQH48PUL@#^+UO5.($15HC2&C$




[+X5U



MVNMR W^VE\^ZF[8JE]U556VN5\_B


R6O8_OZP64S^) C\.HZS_\:RZF?KQG#[F_8]_V:ZA9SC<4RWWX^U-Y2PI
MG/Q7_[=3:+VD'J]7Y67_ZT6YZIQAU!SOJ[9N\%26_LMRX[836_3^U_\:6NK'
MMES6ZTO_[/;ZO%GUOY:K=?\G<?H?JLNZV[0E+.7\MJ9%3;4UHMR[;]M6KA(

HGB31




!%A&Z





MQ1G@055




IZ8Q]R


MYF





PH[LIIAAQLBND*0:H%9NX#$H



MA-
W\%2L
9;5YVK5W 3 T:RW%S K8(' 4
'A




P(1P')WFT/&L^(#79'L1

M(


T0(F
MY%]\R'&:![#XUH0(MI<@42(H^OUX;

 &CKBUMSHU/_
MS84%:H!@H15MIB0F$R&*;IE0F%II






LD_V@N $//<*(Z$I07MNL@6ROI,,LO?&HGJ/?D)B6K,!=3
M_P5PU<YO '6=+WLO@,IZ'WQ)ME09;.@RA)O;]LX:B@T_JRW:[]U_@$-]L+
M7,0T\-]N &S??W@A.LYF09%%03Z+O+,K&!!M\(HI,IL7X33VHCB(XB28%ZGW
M0U7_6H\UYK&C()V%099EWMLMO'*3W7(;)T$^SX,\G^EU_-@]-_4Y1U;B(
D


M:^%1_@@\V VC\W
T\]T/
M/VYR2](\@2AK]@AJ.QQKH)<CV

LO*KAI3/:FA*?U^+[








HX5#NZ7%8&GA7@T3T


QWIWW N(90 EY8^!F


BYQ\%KH=N&ZQ6[H@-3S5/M%Z;I#V;#NKO#R


0



MM
F^[HC'X2W(

M$)?

Z+#@-5BOPRVLM3#SU
M7]NCL)X3L%B-W!/T6M:H ]13!_(7 *V&M

ME4M;PUB2]P6_3

ME97O#-%+A4]L!6@%@$0C&_31P8$

M7O@='( 7A=_Q&


_O[NX0!2G

28?_$FB4<87\8P$-
M#:6IY=3$YX3#$9R)VUGU^]+MKW52MV^A!U%J 0L=@RW!CGE1W[ P/EO1C

N_-H6J*PN?E*:V

(P9&Z^^5))!15K LDH=+$E+P#M


H'' V M?)D3@V
MLK.V26B!*4E]




T5@8KZGB
H?$ %P#WA]H7E.?M!3+KRFA$8'33'-PL
MI#8GBI\ET3/T*=#_3#U.X/-
:@;Q5+[W/YT]L6?QLNE\EN3P_V;S

'_S:.L&)EO1]<LQ*YA%)$XBC<M^.P+

,G4G3Y.RN52V.]._GKZ\2EI$Q%(B<=&,VAI_,T, =OO
M!4M;=WMF51\DAD6_F<E1VFVFYYNU&IRU\ 8-%VVBRL1:Z
=--B[9^3CW:.B



MSE8V1O
OOC3A3J(

UF6I%52/7 1:F]DFD _0_%FI2L.


MX
G7&RL9'W[1TO0(HE:'I3^
I=K6GI8$U$T]Z4]_4D^KJ?!F8S%2!__V
M$M
0OA



0.^-DA;R@07VO:D [PBR




M1J@!(5W,X%,B]NJB*C<2@5!,=A_+\__+8D_

R
MJ0AK89UA)S !98;DI]0T2NBUA2O3UB'


M


!=]Q++?F10X.\E.D.:BO


!1D;P#*+J@B('JWV#0'P! ^V&[T






MA5)WV'M0SN/S$5Y'M%!._H
F/S:E +@!N5Q]EI&R?SQBT

I0OP&F1*)19PJL2?N!TX9



ZWXSVXB_9 

M':P





\2-+8.[68_W
18?R]IZM)2'/:$^\D

$ZX'D7A&56G+1Q\A^LP-HGL(
G'N#O

MYGD0TSBPFQP&A_\\
M*VI/)MZX


^]3QM);$0SN
@P]&9Y
M


IOQ::T(/[20R0$^4Y U-6
MQ' ?T1V@)&




MZRI8
,2M_&0H9#\? ;R]IO..[%M[MZ&$;L_P
M)PW2B!H8@73/TJ4!2F4P%9/DS#]CIQY

[ 2A):



S'2+($19CMA

=]T5#F]_$S*D7UQ]] AY7I/
M=:XGX%P#:QXFB?JL#[4_[PJ=Q]6[  @(.Y)@ERX0S-5BXIX*'CB=RQXX$

M%R&)C%I/N,8=I 'LR+&/_!0LR#,YJ2+-Q@NXK7,JB7+E/!KV5I
)4Q@I22
MV[;!QA3)KNS9;$ 2!@E9UJEG2J($

M@9?;$H.[*DQ]Q([X6+-R(]






TW!DC-:NZXE(W2*R/RI/3X6V


MB&5GT%AQHB2[@0A5
?8X.04



D4?_ &J1/'-0Z2
M?%
DKX'A



MP^869H$I\EC;?FEJU([%.?::YS.@K!A@2Q^*,^8QT=ODA]%D#2CO.@F
_[
NQUHOYV
+!JGKDMD<E[=:=*GA:
M1 GO(U$M




&75WB$+!DC']8JY$9HP]GA0([K

M3



V).]8 X_2LYH''(=TPIW.(FWM_Z^8@&


M#)!I1 %-RXM42 )QI






\]+!:/WK7(\6  U-V
MR@]F60H,(/JX@_ ;Y$E,IVUR*WS4P/R)3O 0&8!U+#.4SI=%BE(2GGNVD]$


0TK7\']H8B'J_/

M


];5L76U
YTL55M=RNR-]*C2($ RDG] 0$YMAL_@G6







0K7
M=:!$SH1Y&+EAJF[*UV
KG=




8B87V/KBJDCM?\U

+14N

_]4WMIVHK?*5OQGLUV
M7T@T]4;Z6;:=*TZ=J*TU[


5)J@I\E) 9:!5$T


M%




&]=2
GTGA@]^&002:0S([F?



AQ?O5WF0F2G\G\4]@H3




:
M=P&\_W73B@ 70=:^$!?:[EA8KZHZ=T^$2$


G&/@?9C&P.N&=A_
W)H61.:9[6I

&QWP


:R5

)X0E*445&W4+R$TY _.#9
X0*<
/
M-SKU+C(LE)*7'1M


^&!E8G\R'4DV;NK]0$F[A1N2//O%X 2VNQ)-0_47N&BTSK5DU&(0Q)N


M]@T
(JM*E@0&N]&GU0) ZO7%BBKUD16Q5QI2;2/P*[$]D=&'



MZP^(:<(QM
M@V5]:50*T^2:7E@RNQ/1L;*2EKX$9-! DV]E_#^]%D//3M2VC_HZJE=48



&26$9U5E@C -#@

MU/8Y.

-W1J.K[0H?V*6BS 3
MVJ[8R85.Y7LTPC%=/C65GS=^Q^J2VP



$JX(C)AA

8WENA-/=3BPR



6$QT
M=3O!VD?ET

*


;P&.W?-KL43=G^]\=3T;PE
M:E=!J8R/O4_K46!^Z4O\OGZ%%HA%)6D.VA&5VEMY(H#LMEHO]?( 1=#O! 8


&G^K/*1XHJ*L0)O)DI1:72MIR#4EH56B9BX3OO115G7'+M2%DC9$)J
M:&()*%1'4D )@RRH!0-XL2YO+=FRO#%C


M= 0VMZSQKAJ!N3IVW1%^&10'NQ$D'9\ JT TKF+ *N4=L@(='^IGZ:_J3E0A
M2XHRE&4(KO@


M'18(3 
1?Y%74I]!5#X'O6'VVO-_0BGKY8
K%(

MM.MU


MELRH1
98P3!.
8!/





MV A$'RM NP#&AEW0/00/?$4TD\/*18




AI =1JA:&Q7(
M,V0X8<218<6L2U/2F'*54$*^9?I1O7/U9+=@/1.2/!;FZ+UE84UK1)CI= +


K9;B.PN1R)HY\Z





2FOF=A3






0XQ P#T(9
G.3




Q849

M$$?([_:
\;W6YG8;^DV(
M0%00G/2:ZV5)#*J.P)



;(F0$M_8 CREXZ^(%^)NQ2C;;7


XM:R7$_(.$MPQ^UTH-

2F^ ([Z7

M=(QPA^L5D*WLS6=Z8:Q

M*ZO$Z]
!)THF);P!20$U.+@Z#DL^:K=[1^8.=QS2&5P
M0R$_9=UM
)CVG!3

MU94*[?$'SINB?;*G!BHI#%I !HV_DB3Q
V
+[7__4OGV=X% 
#K(P';\=PU/
M@V?

.6?B=HX\D*?4%X#@Z.XJ@%]




M!!/

I52$!?
7\L41^.AT


MJ/&:;;OHQYR0BKL6%D_VOQ50:TC'2D&H] JV &K:#X7_@C&:H^Y7$WH'M9


M5QX6ID\&POKVA@F.&DUYSW7^V::Z 8SD^-;#X^TVTGJH6 (*G*Q9\E


U4RBO#44BE
&CLK8K&3!ON7MF5[LO''JG)K+)<MK4R804@F-OP/4<&Q4-X7@D.T
M8II


(ITDM69R

0-D%501$[Q:;Y@ 8


E6Z^Z/O@E9]OD^

!))8W5 L!Y=

K?B'\IK7Q#EU%]7K5:-K?
M6%?]UAUAYD-15%1V9S]^FBAG#,/#;5LP0)P W*Y^BQS,/SQB$$SJ]\@9HF

14L9)W[^G48CO/1::[P&[
M7-9K]-0MJ8G6/</+@)+%G+UF5D<!;



MS*BBHX

MU9LI 7*G29A^1YXL2+FNGY

A_  E(



MA*_DQ

_N





5TYKZE*-/X.



2L=T_BY1LZI H-0
M


M:FD2_@




MU1AEN4^*-(B!&4QQ.GQ[



0
3#'0[A!_DB$0V@'/4
MU\F*EC

X*4CP*UQ
MX;V3.:5I)]WW!
?I/)C-0P]HW1QH;1[-#'



3[R






=O-;;R



BQB )YLA%HJ\=RIKH010$)31K@KX*4(Y+X$Q
M9S.^6
G:G



P_FTO4=AP*LZP_\CZ?/V6

M$0UTDC%F\.$$2$.1!7-B(/B5G:1%@J(ARY7TXLB;  49ZUKPK
R+T1KA]Z):

M80ROQ@.Y&OF1/(R)A@-BB%$(G:N9S6A.MOP#'IF'2/*!R*+[13A+Q*A:@V/T
M0B-D#  ]CV2KG2/.YE&0)3


MJTC/9OD

Q8 C

=/')(_





M

G+J.


  JT9$ZL5(RN&/@
X\A=
V?L&!]5GWJD
M3CT+[5

M\O^/_^2(_HYV PM7AXXJ^( 1'2DR1-^%(P9TS!W1L2
Z6H0#^F9PX$?=6'Y$
M7X=NIX-'\6/#61HQA^3ZZP%S][#.6[$_.X U$)5Q\
*6=P^Z1S3('DMS@'C0



M!JP9^TSE=G/O:5PA/S2#/_&C6-:85QH_?4C]X05
73?.O+_\'1VEHBQ]/O1U






MT4



Z
'Q8]^/ U25F



M![6) [6PHR




=^
MB3LLJ!Z9\J


M]:VF&O 
^U93#?B0?:NI!KS-OMD3=OB$;SC7'X@O7%[D&\[EQM49P]]=G.=P






X\8S'D@QPSFO)1C!MNCHN+^

MO@67HAPUFO

R5/]+UG=


LJT+O?^UGHZOU3FW![A&Y\$_P#7N7?+Z
M7[A&!X4]P#4ZN/(!KM%!R@]PC0[V?X!K=
C

ML7J(BWP
M


M7@]QD8^!XKAYR![B(A\#Q7'3ISW$13X&BN.F@GN(BWP
%

M=^\A+O(Q4!PWA^!#7.1CH#ANZL.'N

M

%*=X#!2G



0URC8ISW$O<XCJ7UBNUOI_6.

MT\\
@+5D-B TF0VX3F8#&I39@%E-B!/F0UX568#RI79@(UUMPFUN%.LQ&M
MIL.=;B


$%     @ 3UM?2TRN\(&3 @  2 X

M_N#?Y9.:\F7S'&V9._#B_!DV''NMLJ!;42?^IS\?G.YYSC]&22J)SBNR7&

M=

TM^:A
02@F4;FJ=WS.6Y-FZ/:N9
M?B]Q&.%%KEM!OL[+[?W')5F.KJUP2'T!JFDQ@IA26_T4JQN3#^X@*E/
MC


R^!9UL+



M^



.KN#';4\'8@6@N?;

@2<UQ#U%[RP
M2S'=*(<@QP3D^)=!SH/-$61,0,:_#/)*^C63 C(A!=RZE;2Z'^:#YH'9^:T
MR?5&%N(2GF8$F1*0*2_DOI+Z5Z;VZM71L/7)#SGEWEN*].S C(C!?RN]5F


M?8TH-8R8W?#=VL6++@K
0UE@Q*R!;](\B5LK36N&J) _8H[Y5Y5S=9XTLZX)



Y+17;(^;8?G1KO?\DKJ4S8&E85LI!UBT=


VMD+Y_OFLB8TDC
_4O$

1FFGSIVS2
DD9I;)@1QZQXDQR9\BV'^+V

K!8R
M08Q3C$FI)6962ZO/+X[NI*OO^;/Z)(XF*DB
23DF9G9
1QZ+43$FY9J8V36=




MZV?QEMIA3

6
MPOR0T=5[W# F9:&T1PM]Z I^*-=2RD)ICQ:ZL^;+AQG%F)2%TAXM5#M]HI=+




MFV.Y=\D_BW]:
X&[#.^7?/^
VZJ?SI\H/8Q3LKM]WOWOXK;JGP@WK2C/OP%0
M2P
$%     @ 3UM?2R=EU1H@ @  #2X  !


MVN_3M9V@[:54F


Q8:CH:7:I]H*E4=CZ.+I?3

:/V6:\CK//:KKJQO:N?LAK[X\79];;RL7PM W+O=^8@]3

MD!P6)

M\]GR+_#KWU!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $];7TL?(\\#P    !










4     !/6U]+,3KU)*D!  1 P



M 0  D0




M=#(R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $];7TMH(PJSJ0$  )$#   9

C

M3UM?2^&)$'ZJ 0  D0

M='

4     !/6U]+QFC4W:L!  1 P  &0

M Q0    ( $];7TM3IS_UJP$  )$#   9                =9%  !X;]W


4     !/6U]+@L4Q?ZH!  1 P  &0              @ &8


M965T



YX;6Q02P$% 
4


T


M2Y/C87&K 0  D0

O

W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0
M   ( $];7TO!
+# 0  6P0
M !D              ( !Q5\  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S.2YX;6Q0
M2P$% 
4     !/6U]+$A3/ JH!  1 P  &0              @ &_80



  !D


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     !/



M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $];7TOI-\I+R0$   



M970T.YX;6Q02P$% 

M% 

M &

N

  !D              ( !



M:&5E=#4U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $];7TMI:47=4@



M:&5E='


M 0(4 Q0    ( $];7TN8ZGIL (  .@%   9                4J*  !X


M7TM%_[(X


M         ( !FY












M='


 @


BYX

4


  'AL




MDP(  $@.   -                :D\ 0!X;]S='EL97







MGCBVZ5I
^VOBLR!X






%Z*7]FO^8^K5
/?5%G\UE*]&P=&=:4[B=X=F




=
?/3R#\=]Y?K%1WHQ-!]H
MW3SQ_!#DB)2YZ4Y5(E+=9$CXDSG.;Z[WX-XP
X#M:_ ^)HL/S0Y[0\(V*W

PNNU&6^U=:7A&I!+%?0%/B@T6_SLM79E6Y_3*
M]5KQ?B_^-Z]7I57J5[2LV8
Y8H5OP7N

7_@#_M 3X8VK# :=-.[\?2E#E[



G@X&-!RFP\9KV





MQ

;


Q0/$-S]%


MHV




=K?):M]78T'BJ8'F[W35ZW7HS2V+9

M!'Y_^R@6S3O/&SS8S@P*XWJR46]UVRVCI4[9\BZKIG')HFET09ETVB5H///



J=HGI6SR.OM-C@B










MO_*]X:Q!4)8A1JV%-H*RD)3.BA&Q/C-@^^P:W5YK.1$WC#0.+**/IO^5H7'X




M&R^]

 75N
]I&U,K'I@,JLQGO-ZKH\ JSK
MU=MJQ/A*Q
VR=D/
.VIVN^#RJW


M3



]T\-^(.T)2


Y4YG9<GL

M1=@?.JL)PX//48@ J'@(58ZQLS2__W3!

M;?4VO


MWNY@\Y0G+H#5Z=WY\(KO;O5.K5TW&OLUVF44=UL(&[HFQ2EUPNVC\\C'NULJ

M^7LW^N*KUJAWZRDHYZ? C64C:G1:R\5[V8A0*9Q

[$RC%@/WF\A[Q9XZQP P9DHUMO]9IJ1EEU
M9X75&GH9=)^J3R V9Y?-@O%LF_99X4YX#7;I;K _IJ#K-U.:E$3<_KFQ[
M'(6W[!ELE

M_?'5BPR^Q


MB-#S0V=5E1KVV5 D*OV@39GB\V&&^;]D*G%3D PMNENLC.RC%V=RDFU6CH
81KW6:;5%(,CR
M_BLC=?VS^UHI&JEPQ6FW&CE_#2ZS4:M-TOJG/ZKH[42AJY#95P]^]I\^ A+



ML19EYPP
&:%%L'[K#;5LT1J$@HGJXZ8$G='_OG?E2H8-BBS:9$5O
M &2TUVMWFVFD@]7)V=1 N&



M\5K4@FHAT-];[\3Z%MD^@]F!^0BG&S\258N4KDS$1F@O4M7!Z+5KU8W@PO-G

WJA5U^W5VG75'EV=E(V
H AB;ZW7





ICKET_+9


WP:F_Z=[;ZQ
MW1'\'OXT2[1MBHYFND.MO?!OF8F(Z6F%:Y(Q-CFZPP8/[

M_/1_C7;MIV7

8V3W*W7
M:S]A#*GI3N
GQD^:YZLOG%Q^4G[\4;

MB.8-M4_LWAR8Q]HM/!1]H0X91!:80G@T.?%!M?E3K1\%MHM7&6;B180CWXON

 6
M3K4S8/?

T:P0;D1B%0

M]T

MD&V4/1!/L


M3$1GL<,2I3B1D2
+J@T& 62%3KDUF'7=^CJ:!
SP M/:FJ :AQ]*/2&QJKR
M3/EFX&B)^/:?M)'W 

MD;O!A%FA
DAH$P:'Q^H!NL?!Q+
=V
!(Z\

[1S@
\-;-!@3



M& %9';A9F)O7\377OC!QWFX;4_&$]-@G
M@!_M^P
3S/1XM')^\+!O==B#AN&K[3^'1FD_WGU?UF;#8?#7WV/G5E+^(M



M0[3WCG7M


M76_4&GJMW3@89ALPS



 EK1M8EI?37OL$&




MJ6ES
.$\)UY*]WHY*




DIRZ3.84.AT
M1$GM#H*OH?G#9OBP1W.EZ/& 66(X^S9/#F@&S$T/%!K!IN

MEXF7WGBUEG7Z0&PB/G/(X@O-1XW1;J9K*=6-


MHZ'YB)5//%Z$Z@CP]


M59@!6KZ2_0E#=3$=]\R73 &K
F5YJR]S!'F2-[2Z$&92X* ]=! 2JQ[U[
M(!

M:M]%BYDO(G. (Y^R=3&#3DQO;GFAG5S%+N.'!WN6#NW::H'1@L-]/Y\O)5



M(6B_@YWK[X?5KE##U2M7VK[Y$+NO7&V  T\;EL #2R!8:(N


G%LL3W0GL.5&:
K B)7@%0*Z#=;L&:Z1\)S
KA/#DSI

(T&F#U _+_86_
]6+NQ\9622' =
M$&UO
IH&8'(X
:H=WS8(NTY1(FEA)@L\Z9H
)/S#
A/5):R4Q)^CC\Q5F
_A

#]

702


U[-Y%
M!-JM/!/D05/B+&F.':=<2%/5()!Q.@1] $<1/@YM*KV$)_M)J$E\MX/%X1;

F


MY(*):3G63D2P1/K:T2HV

;

MR&MUM=Y+)L0AL97'YI2VR3Y3+]EA522]XRM])BYT9:F//KS
ZY[TP=QFH2A?
M8PJJI)4
I  W



MB/L5YCA[I+JP4%Z$-SRXB##M9!]4DYH*
$.?F XT[VFK\51)


I+I_=1=Q/B2MS8.5ED(0HX(Z$4$4R!(Z[-Q9&Z
1^K4Z1

M@Y^$]M#&49#B@\SM0N;Q*




M5%MY-O*9






*!QY/ET9)B?:&(QFAQ&_9=F?*X)K





708$]3
MMV]DUC'!#

J2H2
*-
ML?MDK5 





3D8VB/I6'&@71T

MI]K)S9EVZTUL2ZO7:[HF0X/J-5#!4LS2 ^)J)7[1^.E8RQLQCT=5L%RR
'N(




/+!6!B8+


&8)#]Z
MM@$) )=XSC113BMJ0H5HLP%3R3^6 I-$8\$*4C_# E8ACZKV&4/ZPK0GG*

Y^X4JV\
?$]Y8[LCQ.[E^\0E*01#
M.P(I D

M+O$0\ABWZ'KQ




U

)N686H38E

SH\



M9
5P
.+8)U4O2

IV=)T25R18H^
MY8NEM)X$I%\0'BKJM0'!Q=1X(&)G?=UKQB@KF$E25V52$-[;$
BE)E-B.7

M!ODF!V4(GOG$GT1W&*-=R;RGMS-2
0(RTXKUF8BJX$M+E-


4@(D(W!2

 B1NL2Y^ZB

MJ4NWCR9ZF 3C9?'(ABGL0UX@

V8YRYH%ZSO2\NU:@7@X!5V@$$\5.Z)8'W1
MO)27
TGCX2B57*&KAU.Z!!1.F45)/*6KXN2ECP-
3@+.MTGQ\XPR$X!MP!N
M9PS8!!-/8[&EU97:B@?X@XF]
:M)1; GLTM3\M+K#
RK.'P%R1H2BI\3A



8?_)*
Y5T&.-)PW

M?DI%=U






M30U0Y5
.3!Q1G!L0_J!F[\_:2/O 6'E=4*1%Q8N59+!LS==E%2W0@(.)I]F
M8%MA&EL^II%BH=#[M=CN72@R)S\V'(8KN=JJ[&2=$QWNH$XX'3!1#)1-;
M&:1
-K+XE4
P\6P'(^MY4GDH;U'BV-+WZ3QR 8J @S'IS 
W$YIIC.).*-7G









A=

-M._J
M.LBF7JM)Z00]=@)ONN;KC[;+_'L&1I(737@F2QH

M6/Y#J4IQ.59V/3C8:8JH()#;HV
:VOYIW
DN:I$032&D.V7OB4VT@AO%B)
MAQ?X4*/BC:D&[^GZ
[TSG6SM
)$\&\C D]DWJ=D^:0$UPL!_F V3XSF%QJ
ME+'

00
=VO
M?C0)K2FB-'#P#L_GP=2Z!J




MY(0U?2C;.2XHLE8^P+'V^0'$ //P8EQY7EY(%8DXWTW*P
!C/*WL 925
SWR






%C'&--011JP



5(X/%511* 3Y4L'
M-'4$WTS -[2+Q2*<QB2XID <N2 J2NUK-

3JZH=17[M503

2VY-8?H0@A$=)S6%I.B#0$_R!1RI4

M1E1!ODT#XR-

;@Z.-3785/.
M(=40(IT 9MM4EN;(=,30HZ?ZRNZ Q% 8B\0#68I .=<(9(.T6KTHI(JC0=*.
MA@A\!8$8WXK?U& 2DC8T*5+*ED(+1

U\R!0SDE!.A
MOJR@DW.11K^:X)V)B_((BB?38_UG/.O ^DO
)SN9D Q5+K#MZO\KA*:)QHE/
M(LH^^DR!F

 8Y NEA3&S?AQ(/@&AO6
MS%'L6
N2IN=4A]8=Q&(JW&Z^M'P5=(:#9&
!WE21DL0 G&O.I8P^W!H9V(D$

M3Z


$G7NGPVM0C #/P7*C$KL!3PVX$F NN <N4NGG$S$$:T


MB2$(WV0T#:@PJ 2[X[LQ0=HIRC*]C
BA2;HFFQ/_L
Q$10O#+W&-.33Z*DSG
MJ'IY




M58



MZL=?X1C9()@I.(_9(^H]_BAEZYAJZH I@A#DU??*!IA2^#&O)H9
M+2PEJH0O3#.^(6:#I
;J
KA:JMW-OL@8OW



F:K)PJZ?




MT].;\0AP)=




[GS




5:\#)$\(I7RTR5T![PILSSI AS!
M+80*0'6X9&V=B4#2GGR/2/H(PPY\6CER21W6!)W'L4F^#:E;V9@?P)8MCR?

!'+/#U].;G_


4SI3'KI@L



$ 14#C:B(_C6Q/0Y_IT$
M(,F3IF72D<&WP2H6_/QR6E]3CF:
7N#LQF'3'!$34F?C.J6H95JE
B4QTV9
M0I$0SA+_7O$2+F&R5PD:%54A$_RM


*

KR5

MSUO@\]9L&G%9A4;D7_#7G]Q/\L!>=R3!1^AE%Z

Q
MX##('OPR!@6J%/\!L;2Y[A?%5W* V9)O G3;

SB[9$GAOZ4'@F

^8HSL+(AJW
MMT:\-$$R(-*=RFC&7/X?#!WQ#
H%28(QB2H$K
-2
6[!S'Z6SB[%5=$I4
MKH*)93+C


6ID0
\VPT3*F!=46(=KG3(9.2S.1.(T'-$_.:D38L

@9]0:&$
MJN:\Y:5+:*)I%O
FFP/Z\W

MOY-==UMS\BCF[@BK;P!\[WACNR
$F.?[P24M?$
[ FD!*S=VF!+IX 8(IAA/

MF
[ZBM
IX+5R9C2P@0#3GW=


M' 


M!Y7GCC&LE0J$A1HWFG!W




* EQ:4THMAD0$5A5%D!#Y4


MUKQ:P+F$E25V50$-[;$


K84L[8GY-6;2(PCP9-:*D9H





'^CYZWN$G=I$SN0



M



MB_G%P\JT[P_


+
M:9D3=7U606NEEL(.1EV9LGB._&@V]6[;T#M-H]#Z?T:K?26+Y 9!:CR







MD]^Q*__KA1?Y^/_+


M-WK=2E1$#KD5


M_OEW23YL3A)F*:V(!;?^]#=0PK?3\=4]/;RJ?-=H]L!CKH()L[3F
.&MQ*+Z

M(U2&TQAW
:FJM@%1
Q9(FO'D6$H



\V
&RTIDI)^0R1)4?]

R
M



/








MA8H+8^UB;CG*
L6\)WC




Z[GU7&F6-) *^4YO\1DH]W*RX



MY

M-OSJ&J](O
S9%\X[6<PZM

2\.-*IP

N&PY2B3-=4(;R G7V?:]^QK.1%Y2S+[O_


V6YWMG!W


QA )@88&&4
M9



M%\*L/?-)BX=XKN&C%_!?UCI6R OKW

DJ




 (-
M


M7 5]_QUZH-OS/G.=@
*L/41
YW)XUK??#H?W;!WN#?K*TP[6+;ED]Q& Y6E/



ME0=^&P9HN




Z\X%#E=$^#


PKWUD3;NN
M=[L-O=799'4)[U(UCP]SU\V'TUKA*B:4_(:6,IKV-E6UFH=%OO&1V]4U*J

[VRUGNJT0

GEZDL?]N
GZ3NU]48+_O^.:UWO(VLZAMYK-_5ZHUSZQ&97P18$



MNZMW6DW\_WOGP/%G





72VD]44&LFXY(:ON,-







MW3



)KH(=IQ^O
M+W__^_&WT?V(GFT N+O9;91F0I;



\F@1L*_U=^*<R0&C-@Y38Y.!H=/4!__A C\<6-5?Y)MAK
M-)N&P4== 7WKCW7HW_]U



.[YK:A5([TO



R:X*XO



M:\]62J57A-5??94^I

\C=]U;=7IU&[/(G*7N_M


MYW_/ OP4N!/)26C-?CLOIY!R)'\#YKKL]A'^:XH/'RXJS^ILUFO=FC&3S%N2


<KSX






M\5$W&
0 L^%;0\-V(=C+5J^NFL=K;#




WGBCE%

VKJ9_.LR


OVH14@+ZC?GX37&8[8Y
_D7I+AIEKY*&C/.U3?.Q9*&(A&DRR@K
MP&%.L


3;])D8)U:H@



801E45C%(I4JXU9^Z[)?






MWMJO X/88B?+$U&K]TM/.(IDK]AE5G635G\*M;9$9 EJ=86HVEU2A((C&*



ML





M[G\%]



 8MML%


ML+MHMBQ3(+W07SA2:S:_6
L1
F <UYJN


K2H;2)%'#*O

5-HO15TIA1++=1S)\


MFXCQ1@[TQ2T$I9=5WU4





RR101*I?ER++7:+7T6%)9$H
MC$Y2D$/B!4'B]90%?R46)CH6O9/$2_J*(5TE<+T5&3=0D.%:6E)2$/HQXSA


MK/
U@6U!FY.#OAHC6JU6/N(%4[$X6SQ+X')+O*X+ORR30^5[=K'XI6=1F'Q
MRAK7T*KYG64VMF/9W*7MFH:]Z=NN-WY@C8
7%J6/[%-*P#!S#'7#+O'+&RI
MBM8N+;$.




MZA#FWN&YS
/ 2_7.N])S+:EU3-#$]

';
1Q,(8\OL)L KX S\C83$#\$B'(O7]#I18V#MGS^W[P12



&_LOSY?036W?W=.GG^
@XLULV'_MG)U.9GT
MNPEUBGD#/BQ
+R*U )%[+P51BS


IW)D/WBGPB).)MM:ZG1WL#/BQ<(\H]7=\Z9T [O+:NB*<_

M#3C.;Y1';-^

F%L%4.')0&)%SC!?\Y;DSZX:#H_?9J45PPVO(2/_3)M(DFY




-0[&IR2IV:

QXIXO%M(.(E.J^!HC@;]EHOW?L;S'10
M,HO7= R<U\'#6V<]]#E3J?[T!IVK\FOH*N2*&$X)9L 8@OS;!B&EX^G=Y?W




MMM]CY3CPUF4/(_6PZ*=9_);%;;
=#_&&2\M$)4^C[Z.?A]WH#T


!/!Q

?./ X6U7?[U%I=\7


TC
8R&P ND6V



%!YN @

MJ6^I9WV]T=OR4L?_NH5+2Z52WKCIO5:5J=EKY8OST4T+=H_]!*9\ZANC?W^*

242 O[

49FBU&D9UXFSY[A.VQ2@G7LO583PU[:GM5F/#9R7ILF;C9V7D
M515AOI& HK$-F7H6:!C63]6$PZ[1)[E9CQ+6_Q#Y




0'M[0H@TD
&#ET8:0
W
MI@2;.TS07)9I*\C'JCJ5FD[@:?C$9^/XR\Y?6+RROFW[2CY[T'YP/=M'\9#[
A-K
MWX$P0*:%?SMCV^DB$7&YGC'Q?


D8CWWNQAT ).;./F.IMB/+RB%D^

 &DN




%'(%I3:[52




MR8S
R$%3@7;[D-K[V]Q+G(WWM__^85+:E*1^)J_R
S
B%4[?%804[:CGN!

M'#S-_EQ:5%MIDTB



MG0RTI

BAJS


!.S&I-@^N?
MM3H7+7S3F2U/;(!*B@*(N/?M_JP3(@T\[3HT4R$!7%*4N#JYF\#A7P8W=[.S
M%M5BL0$K*1+ O\^O[N+2\OK=X]TKS5SQ'MRD://2OT5BZ%^-AN=7B/EH)DD


[R?EDY





CGTMQJ&2Q%X0656:PMJ.UFM5@A&Y[KC




M51E



R;.L)

M
RN2=F6_I






0&XE&@.




M4#)G9YZ/-F[
+

 K.?/T/86^



M]NST_'% H-=!(DX2$!MIL0
Y+5P[(M8=SJ /W6\_P/^0NP2?!.-E@)@(IFJG

==&/D/\Z UN_GGQ)#@F_Z)^D]3@3C

MHCD/0B



;JS^6Z/TE5
MB7V^7?RUF9YQ!W_(N)5%&*8R4IN
KYE]HZ9EQ4'6A:WP'78

M!7)OKB6

MC

1)8&B<1VSV<Q=WT?K:I
MAB++:]1_4N8G




MN6]Y&XXR41;/IR



W
W4&E89IFNWV+:88+
M4X )FSI=V/YJ)5J-!YX-QQNONS#RO%9.7X&[V#E^*P</\
J$F)KV/36D&]I
6G1M2046\C=FI3N



MP8]3US=;X#[F;H?$'2-R;


YQJ$'G-;AT'.!






ML8:.92MEBS5$QU$@^

T3668/0$:^I
M!MV0E^S&WSS



MP.HO


O5D
RK.RY%&








MT[M+0!W6FN$K]34826 ]:?A/Z(&KVU&__]0A/^4BB2G?!)
$ZI?/D**=Q^G5


5#

0[0Z.^#B8)Q'NOH[NS




L9\ O
M.(XWG??W23.WZTMDRTL=_^L615DJJ_;&

-!]HCX.!

MJ)TCM65JJ9UDBY=O+TRW[E$]]_]!/U$D// &





MC]NCDU_M]J^K;]S_NCGK;ET9HR$_?ZM4JO(0!G6K67!T9RD1?$.B](=4;T


MZ##F2-%47A;Q=#&;HTSGJ*;Q-5FB;(:2E'ET+58?N%N-)


E
E'AY%M[D ^W

'C/)2#C#JS+

M9E'SUX.$:B5)I!ZW.&899!MC6?$

MHP *

ZBJ8@\SJV8(=7

DDG]4KQ&KTA;7CGR)M7C
U?7]$-X@<*2 &)$)%B)4*'S<'[U<!*^



KJ[FIQ2*@R)L!*A


M97(&MZAHJAP_G) 
L$2H



#KD4'[(66
MRP%;WEU].'JIX4+T )I!R/D 
 #_!HEJ_T0M3 QNA#I
Q!^0M8T+0S /@[?Q

MY\1CTI:D&'J,&%:)/$ZX+**W7Y76%2%)%7%6V+



MP6+L(
M5J-ER3]_;!#DG@9OCE9&F(Q!!.#$HA!CXG!6ORM@;A:U=X/&22U

MCK;?.-
^RE^N9Q
!4?L6W @9$1L.
/UIGB\AAGV0V
MD1$]+(/0EK(=8,J2:THM]6T/FN1D UMB74!.I],ZESOIAT.CKWE7G07=4Z&
VD(&*8%KVD+3L]=8@9E\R%
\W&7()T]H4:NU%0B8_

M) \( 52M7


4[5NN!3/8<% /


+YC$N2J[

3?[Q^S;HO5=XO0M
M$7IN&=5MN52B652FVPY;M^V;#RTP$YI?#I3IRLWK1'5E0AXSNR@EXU[\.V8M
MRZ0E\LE.TI.7+#XC27-\NYYSC%HJY)X*RC
)M;4/S)G;NG:OT.=1OY5!USZA


M[HD'6EH




M2HM8%UUL_'9F_9=S8'2;F/F3!.$3-5E7U%0XQJ%+B^?OL#MRN\V[_GTGDR-^
RA&74%46E)2\&P<. \WF





MCGZ)DHC#1A/S%!^28OH.D#B.OXM.O_KY'(G$X X:
\SD








_6 

FA;M ^/X8% AO!8D)@N
M L2
]KS

+QOA6/?1?N[?:1?

ET#'L8).OH9'!YKFL'


1\#&M$#9CM5S8;10A



S!:&G#L\WMB!38Q[

INS7M-47I/E
M!)\#2H^'C@I#')] @:X'7N-Z@)H&L!A #;D+G;!DVCEQCB+J=S3& ?1G74

MP4B .P M3/#8
6R-/;=AR\-TX@0Q+6 :NYO
!/P[**_H78A4O@4U
'AP8X3_
M&\P%==X!&MAH04!_YY.SA_Y#$/\8^;;#R=L !E
-_-LYP&\@1CJJ-1[YP.:]
MXYIN-O'X/YE+[\8

V7KNZG9 U+\@
8A[F?<(U?L-7WCD(XI?V<H6?T'9:
M:&]BL=:*_[W27^7=_

MI'WZCQ1ME%QDW/ AQ

M @.A3W]$CBI;!2QB )Y5P%0)S S5F!'4U-99XQFJ-Y7 EE


(O=VCS2H6@2TRRC



NBROJYN%8-)C<
MJA&;A.1F(:?1M;?&OZF6E9=K[BUS8'7'CO6KM_J- SCQ:=LB] Y=N3$57V;K






QKU%KWY_,M<51!K -G528)H7%M.'&R0&K_?G#?_R!/+('?%F)'4)
M.^I$$V +BVBH]'# _C<?KE_?AP





M-K



MJ7#$\5G1^9HL ^\XWY #VUK02U&=5U2-%\5\._(RW;[K0$RWD\2M=+J]76E]






LUY89X3.

M


:_P8?71H(O6?#R,/: Y.T&.D;78OS
M+=.R)P9P#?;,#I'U:/;V2OBZ!KQ'F<;U6(I(TF\ !SKNIIE0[]R
7_Z2-!.
MO!/=&\-[36M^[


M*W7D:UG;(!W0%'U687LW7A



.T!V$I=$P
M.R1EOR#_UIAR0P/

+6$%0%5=9VOUVD[])LF04P0


MYP41+P54);$@8JJ@H 2F

\
M02*F6


DTQLQ5$D9<+[JMT< 17Q#JO8#K^

MSJ'1-857-+R2KB*S#+26N+A#K^Z3%]T&5V#9U7R__Z.@Z.^H8Q^G9J!R
O
M











X
FP?[IN%

2
[[7\)O*JH/*RDL5&@#U6*@LFPU$&V-/-S#L9A#A[
R_'#&P?;NUO/8'I7
1-1Y




A;%JW1+'G:TMBF7)$
V6I)K
MI32=M! /&#JE+O*:S/IL?_S-?/5JSOV





M


M:JN#V&[
FN@71WC61'][('QK3+FA 6; -IR*';S)JX+
*YI0HOB1.B**@(*Z

M!)-(!J&






:3 NQL$I_:='@


HEX5MS!



<T5:!%'OD4B2(TV.XLJW93^10##NW[1IQ6<B2IFO4B&*=

AYOF*6E1@
/

D



MP





)^OA@


8BU+PXWT0W1:(QK-E9

*T9]1H:O.3?





U[
MY&CWVT$[P9F15X4D5AT!3BD23TV

)]JBL0R-NJWUKA_
^O?$ ]/'8%O*VHB
M/9O#+!-+D0R:V8)%O^:?]&^'L[(9R8(J]1= 3F.L44B6



J85^=^V+LWYP?DY\US=J)A\K
M=%(D@1

M_M3\T-K*Y/[Y'S_]D9H=WV$Z86P[



_


Z#)8(W+IF%

MA209(R 8.0E\L
)N '7;C#V*T5WTX









T


#*






MB(15RTZ3D$16Y0&OI-TFDE+-(X5551T@O6+19BSA6$GG64ZIWC5L(.T=V3;6

FL*'YL2XD#QHYW1)B2-+3ZO=WG3C)






<6T<JIRJ:+A!GUFK'BV#.$/WJ





?87F]+X)-




M;U6_:R^LP
%-Y)#$M]:UG32)'WSWWGK?-ZHK+GQZ+NR!S3:G3L)$YNQ]D=Q=


557D[)

$G?JDL+Q03I1KK\#Z+6$5
5SG\E4^Y*=OVT?6VA*]*+6/.^:<%]*SXW
MC&.\;VSK

^&=\2W
24R<B@ENW%

VGJTS.CJ

OF)
M




MW1DBW^

AW-OF2Q]9LD%!U\N2N=%SF'HXB
Q@MK3\(P'[%H6)ER:
&3O

F UTA [C!4P*W[^\KG]EH*(98X=
$*:

MOZ@*G@:[8X)!P@M/!N:
Z3A



MV R8


MGL#?A?$ CUK !M#9.*ETM03;6:/&=OZ-3@ISDLIZ4M'U
JVGE0L9WJ
^@*7


D






MG+;1D/^8,E;A@[0

M(9HQ+GP. 
O\ST;N\QJZ(32!^PS?0E59B(F8I]9:#&C-R?)'$FZ(S^3$ZHM
M]8X0?. 




LJ


_SY/[]_FW9B_\__!U!+ P04     !/6U]+UPT.
MCZ8[   /A@
 $    &%L;BTR
#$V
3(S



X(]/[L/*W&@;
M5?G46P6!MUD_!.JS#Q[LLT^07&S_=Y2/QP2!O_#G+SM/1PE]^_YU
6$%G
7'

MRK0OX^DIXTKP&.



_.^7EE!M%U3;V!N?[


+

M R[
$\7H 0W9N+.WFN$R,S&E\V=_^IHAH%E(GJQ9F@WS'17$WZ!XP?'R.A


MT5E
02Z$RA7[/U^*77BPK)47XR;\;_WE$#OE$(G^\*R?UC#:D  IG=PSJX




[G1)N3+.L4//BYPKSE_18.$'J9%AXMF/LO$!48;-U'12<V9C

+


M=8Y[9NW:*4=1Y7BR5**-%6I@?=B[\[R=1^\\3Y4QJ\4TH1ABKMA3RU]/$&!Q


MO1=OA1YW\Q^08.]FRO3H^ZETRXMW\
SQ]Y
[0;CG_X




M5OP2G%S)II;3IO?3SZ@-%_E[EKV;#GIW4_&6OQ7$KIH6W[E4=?B75QVPPTBF

Z36N
M;MI4IU$)^
%)9CG'I8OISI83J\C$W+SX 9:+ 7
%GUK[ND-R%\0)U%_4'$_N
M\




M@
1J

(4]K?DTM(%YP+JW3E;H/J!6??&8@Y
HZ
MM9;X_+!:)]:W/-!49


[Q6
7#FGE@1)QRDZ ;]VP_8C@Y?9




R^#DBCRU






M6X/#.A%;']G;I057BF'-=J-LEDESB@Z32JN2;=^L+&0!&'W2GLP650G2RG)
MY3BY\D^ML)W+_S&-7I)(#Z?2R;V,W&_VJK?2U=M(QA;*/%3B,G*_'=/[O]
M+;N=R_V81N^42 ^GTLF]E-R/QH=X*QO;):
6G; 94E0-RL+F:D7:X]R95B3;

[B+5.(QR4XYRHXW


M


=#N0J


!YA^)O
'])$
&U#0OIPY7^GTY^)Y




MW



M\8C^*=]G:7?:76X@_\())E(+SMOL/#0JWNR0AOS?P\ETM.!HOC1NKK[E+DPG












M'

;&Y*!6]B400IVW9



1A?W

YK516
F_%$?D3*B
MPLJH-%?


GUZ:@R53%UW/

M8ZW

M-XNYP0X5 XW&9=6SLTHQM2?P#ZO%L@(C+PE_]




M
@N$96UP(SQ%P\&6C(MVMJ%1!UCCVIJ+2Z5Y^T7?P1
(%#PVGPUVJJ$TCI27








GSK2R


A(X^QN/NZ0#%5Z$E!73L]SD22






M51L.XV%'



CV'H%\&.V Q_0?G#LW
 ;P1_3N
/
M/QQ3K8R'9#T6WL $S9E!@;TM-#7/6ZXW3J9EFKF=4JRQQ6ZM^DK0KXO&%&R+








WC;Y(3EG! PZS*

MN!90)(SQ*\ZC3!3

MYE+39B-^

MW11]1N_GVI
0//B?DF'1GE]KDC
@FQ'5!]YG'8D-UZ#N_N78FX
M4E(?=@L)/

M6Q5@FN!33I]XE)GA%CB\8Y11'GMI7@KILF[

6/@'&._7PF

N&(K@'PW=_

Y1*T.V
Y$3@QD+!2ZE#@^ZUA.9<B$KJ;<OE&F8$'D,5 6+A)T
MCB.:%%8 :X4Z.<X8.[Q/VW6$!CL;K(:41F0K:#+=47XQYO/P9H4]U/S+$/!

M[+*))L/Y8(!^THI;L?81\*Z_WD%+

M.E4-KQ5JQ8[1DS+S1@XH MG%516T5I#D@5W[TAEBV4L*-22:]%;#N_XZ-Y_@
MG_%


7$.O!;85


9RJN4CU':H42C0Z)_]=!

C.


M2W92O#CBW2@0*C951
#KKW]#W9U/\1.T+33\V3-5+?0R
%NA6(=1GUZ/Q:UI

M6J%@R[%
SV0_405P;;^)_(K&ZAF0K: KN1-!M$QAG+QQEHL:Q@PIQ.NO@7.L
MA-0@7++L=SHM_9:GBM4D.'.A:,,K&;UUMM*PXLB(CMH(L6 :/Y2Q
6!.

%(E*Q3J9 FL%1;#N9&*O_.A_+N \0Q'(]P!7Q[S^NB=JZW4T
MA3GO

8.Q26\ E:

#^8.
-N7TB=O[-0&WC3K4@&_G<-^8OZ04)7
&7A]V


6MV&R1W
M REB?TDTTJD)N%5U%I^JT&
-WQ0DN'TQ:[^M3O2V*5_L*UL9!=@S;VYJM;'W

5Q:2D3/
M)F^02-L4
=*Q!8;@31QK


MW 2!*?;LL(BH+7'#M230E5

M.%.?.
$JBW3EY'B.9DZ2O8#OJ)/IO*X5PY


M-N6@[=F92#0]*PETY=3 &&Y[M/FE)Z-Y





J



-!;XT3GZ\))R)['&*-L#!P
LW(-G+ ?_Z!PU55*W


W\^
+T68ZK)#G&K5


9XTGQR7
MAT+%EVK3

YXS1I+;!MHHT.IK/8G(NF3A&/3%8$;!-5

+6RG
-A&&_O

JV4B0-'-#WT8Q!*2CTS


F1;J#H
I]LU

M%7%VR UPKSC0A5 C'CNO ;15E$'!%('SAEI

!QPW77+)66%O'2L)M
M%7$X;
V9\P4X8$_N IX13P35A]TJ J%!PG:!






.)$




/FVJX


M;1%FY; 3)L&\88R#Y_TQ0^E9=X V)6^= --GBEA321P[X?&?Q. WC9IJ9&:Q
ML^+8@#D'=#M$:KTFYZX28]MAP


MPQ@[4I6%I=2H26
J:YWXTAS!T
]E0_F@Z:+2;Y3X7F:M$U_:D2P?.OC(F]5G

XW28JDW'53\_#F:<$-EF<G0

39LUNHH*7N=
M&
E;=

(_&C@3YLDSOQ\=H)-
M6R2YL..*'P

_
 6G]


&W519BIKG?A2'-D+=SES#\(4E)QJU#P_E;5.?.E;FS1QN.WO


2D
#/X%WXT:92I%RUPDQ15-TM.+
MV,C%XY$3;

S\IA)\P455S
VBS;*+?%J:QUXDM[#3+1$S^+QWJBT30


DQEK1-?BB

.'ZC3!G)^6NP(&\];^?1.\]39<P%
M*C'@#P.P]TH__?@!Q Q6WMA46/KPMZ.ID_9=;I_#=*J
W4QM3(\9;C-2HQ

MF=R2$VHSM0Y%Q:=)$78Z[QXHXO;.6Z749G*]:+X?QDF)'6/^5@
L4C)MIE5!



MF_Y'% 1GZ6





MH'U&SR*U$.S0LV;O*H1TXA]1!+(2A6$83T0(1!KYODU2*O&/* )N..TS_ 0%


14:RD2).\$N:W1.O


C Q-C$R
S%?8V%L


HPCPZCQD3





:G[M@IJEWQ3Q

PH'

DX.4H7!#ASN9?NX]/J1=S2:G_2(*@
HCLF^2CRZ*)0WC:B0C@

$MP:2H? TPH$8.9$ %TCEDC-

4 MB
$V$^

M*


0:8F%]

MLA6I@4U5#;VMFF ;UO8J0W[G44!]N1$+@CVM&!?RC5O0#+I'\G\C=9\C#)
M\GX2DLF4+Y M5=*4\J6[-
ZAHY8$ 
B)H+^8W04]53V1(J7MF&\*I;
MO%$G




2
M8O\C8J$0*Q(2QJLX6:^ZP'/BD;+#8=\@KPMB;/3
5&/8 ].)$

B)7-UG



MII[32'SZ4U8KR1S%LSR34WSFFNI+G /;6;?Z/^YQ.^MF+41^JC)OK 2#AB+;






=1?[#

M4+F-%R@;@)L3L7J%:?6X
I%!P UCI




L$KUXNU(H1A@

]=K)W([RH..NXI0DI3FMY(5


Z @


MO0)!-?V \0
4X/ )

A*Z6^7H9
%ZNOYO'(S\GZML[(%-5L/S#!J*Z?N

M7$E1/



'CPJRHP'T]R
M7/%]=-F9P-N SL;BC:#!U^I)=/-$FIQ9=
_B/W7#R@0!ZCG&%&Y+G*7?%*


+==27]]:/)-N6I2
+^[)9[%S%O*NZ_G4Q3Z

#6

M56




 Q-

M



4N
[



M2G&[Q)@GZ_$^V9SFV7;4QN&9_GCOS4#ZE+19GX\Q62E.!.I)G3B9
YXQ0MGF

L9]YJH+'XEDRN48@CSFG=?2?


M7?/+#QN71\]JSF2[
FW_R]SWU__Z]FV_W_\ZN7URN'V!'W[[\N7KUPO9P9F;



M65G8_C=CL?IV*?
-?_ M7YY0=::-P?K5


M.2YJ+.E&??W@V

M?YR[IO^!:?X92?


M8Q)F2M/''V*T]+%I_?L7^DO$.6YUX.4WT0U RC)_H#\]J!&A L&&?!2X:\P'


OZK7#+^\X\(*:.7

M#
Q


J@E[NSB
MOH2




*NEUVS-14Q83
MWS3H#0BHE;7X1:.QQ2559GPSI1NY)A-GBSCKF1

9BEZ[
MTJBBDNHNNGETO65=4$BOMQ_V#O'EN




M4I5&-BZG3

M2F 3OKB0R
5X'7O$*ZB]VIA%)


QB\WXNCU;H%G'S4'Y?KBXG W'
?:+C_7/FS&Q?W*S
H9/Y-4I6XMSRHS
M$
AW;-26[01S]
-&P)SA8V_0M
(+]H\
):]!^XB2\BHPLGTY95)F\
/9)X#!

3ZF8PZ9&]S



LUPSQT#(/J+$U0XI)636



(\O*K


D!3 N
C'^WAD _+B5HX_OE F;&
M

M'F2:;;#I*=@T0%'BXC9 N!W4&7/YZ)6(Q]$D0X
!I8H+^:1UK6!+Y48PHV/[









<M8.D)MLM]V&]MV<;!3PM[C(-@@B_*YT/
M-?PQM52VFP9-RV# Q]#R; 'V+(BVR9;%<4A)BE#G8QI2!%23S,@2V2[2Z

&R10170S6*3HDIV***J:H8HHJ




MIRBS=BB-D2U8=F/Q(\\8TDBX1% GGTI(/41];HEL-WAV'-NYY_






V(?.



O[/]APL9Y #(PYSK3L&K?G4
M+2B3F[.=1QA3BJ3[IIC2M.!22=#R8_S%\2
G:&D2V3[EKCZ[GSUW-R*KJW

M(H$BRQMKYIT(Z9


NAN264)DGV)M0#SU8[C%POMH
-#O%%MI@E G



GY7$)*



MF6/4@*UK:LZG&$H)KDHUMDE.DC&57'VEY^3EH&79V[]%0:N_\TD=XNGSZN



C4G

'UG)
M%IR.VK29?I=E &;Y5L*P(3Q#)3),2]YKG+NJI[\[KE[#]:F#!A](- $7FB

M'_;M@KLG-'+ND!#!/?OI7RL*B0E(*-+DD8.LJW'J9.T93UZ*ZV)%7_2=A[7
MZ"F4;NVQ(G_82,YS! +H0LBF#^@7+$#?/0^F:00\[K7Y]9:.&%.*-KZ3:^
M!0)G(JQ7E)

M%-W1RS^ZY@ IR+;P\62AB;QN3_!Y8C5G._:G6^MI
G&VMN]]W!A%[I)ZG4Z#







M1!#

M $2(B\*%N:]N/1_Q[=;


MDYQBU-5=IA$DXAO8IZ!\4PZU4Z4!:%[H206
K4Z=E9@Z&_$A@9!$+@ :!!Z?
M0&?^'
7





HB/WRP;$0+QD





MLZW4LZR'A$
2N0#'I8C+:

M5

M



8G3KUK%ZK^Y
MR^GME0_G]&!1LXN


MP6E=

P]]MWPS[
M@'G=+\



Q/CQU&9R0?5VY&94=$R;R?9&V7
MS!L*WFU24
@FOE+1D9MX#D5[#



M6





M$^:L5@N?_%F
EQ5=GV W*IHYT6Z&\I.4GZ3\).4G*3\I@Y_$--Y='2&VP?'B

M#%E;8V'/
.NHUUW86]-X11V+CIDI)L23F2.QKE-F]D4[(\J;4MZ4\J:4-Z6\
MJ?1]$:]1]:(H;H/T6;E\1EC)W+#L
I+





MI1;%[


MME#
 'A) HH:O21S3





S=;].?W

T:.8;/X)


_

_)S.B-\^J(T(^-%*:D&U;/2DH^(DGD^



::3

M@UNW];SG97IULRUXRW(@N^3L4,N*X[L];?KM;4PW;CA+0N-ZW7BH:
JDPI








M3$9MP6TM0R


WW77




M_M/A0#_LN]S&I^ET82WPK@UJ:8(K
/A
MNN4'YX--MQ;.6&%#/NG(30P?JWHEG:SF_388P.GW:FJ\_
[X?)7$=3OQY&
M&:
.V3\-Z9#A4[EUR-)V?F-NC ZKCKM&$P+?O 7+
3^


9

MY9$]^]@&EG]$@Z52L8$


YUT9$*:

M^BC7AX?K0^_J03\GNGC(J0&*R^W!0&W


M)PWWX
+0*FP&P5ZUV.D$.Y^B77




B8/HU0I*<F


MANMLUWA+AK4U%O8

M*7](^4




PN&H+


15*/CLJ!CN1(_PRD51+HIR492+HEP4BHMRUWDS
M.B@




MT61(QU3.N^\^+5ILQYZ/&K'0K9JS'?M/8V?K-QQ\Z:YC3TS7SF$-)W&5!:_C

#+P(
2*& Q+
3



MQ - [)'1 

_V0;^$2X-6XLY4!H;G.A-)46.S5*



M

MI*0$+Q T'




MZ6[SOD^HTD@:C)JETWA$!0/2R/FPFSBNVL/.KK%_.=ID ;YA)50Q]#FC=D.?

Y(N_8

<DC.)9MSD<:MU

FF
MQ@I MAQX@606Z9








M
2TEB1.U=)@(42L!(L(2@@+X@@!)\CO^^?I75BY&'K9?J2#161)--!@TZR
M!/@ 9 6 1%0TLSXX'[R*=PP




M(3

@DH@G )H!
I-P \HB*PF$=[


H;_


M0?%LW







=7MF]O!V\=PCX.R5BHJ
MLW



4N]P6*M#P(6Z](
MR[#HZ+]:OE#+%VKY0BU?J.4+VIY(5S?


^!%;_3D1SHJD
.%208@BM^+.WDW&ZNB9/#5F


R*.U





;4$TY 0?)5'2T


MP44GSPU9 ?+EA%50AJ*CJDQV4)G@$Q%ZX^E@W8BXNH!W#5S[K/L:R@DNBB2+

MCUU+M_TGV_B^V2[69 ++/1['7E6QD3AVOD2'L%0


MT3LIT!GR U



MHHZ2 2U*



_5

H1%RA
 FPQ1










MO


%2R98$



ON'?



$RT+5FCR L B-/H[F8S[




1


 (




M.18D2+(L$ G+@)T.@O[MR.*]]_'M4&ST






VZ

MGSOQR/C


'L
70#$#4((4RP*2


V\=5C\?..)!F



)9TF/H!
^9TR_XO__I_;BU55^9[F*BVY;CHJ;].G%6WWS]
MX-C.ZOB-M+FV\:6XVU=\Z
1U:WKHJ9V45-01=[KM./XIM?5C_K8
I]LHV:.




M\IQZJQ#Y$J**(D
@\X)IB:GD;NS=C7$+.ED#7C;,V?Z?%!%H5]6-&D2
=5




V;O&O@@_ Z%64

;)*))[X+X^WT?J@LX;-:
M


M
:D@9


+!W

3_/[8&OF6U-&L/IVEFH)4*#D%:CX^%




_-VF(Z-=$0/S&]





UZ(FD8=M%
X
&!9'*JU
M9QRD\7?M0C$-5U\(IBG5_WR8INF@N/,Z.#?(&G9[]DOUL*O@66WT[NSJLX=




M0L3+AZ2P_*3VF2IC:VGU=^OAVH57(G@1YH*A.\+EP\^]W K+7TS#:G6&@V+D

[E=


MX6K0;HWF[Q/QA@)Q)
Y*0API$P$T55C4OK VGI_A7[O6]?W8ZG@O\*G%$O$F

B;

M:LG!EL#QA
J6

SUGL_50O][/R<D3OHS\JZ#7ASAZ11?\B$7
MCQ-YN5TU7C(L;.D^

M@\

P/33#M[%BBTX9
MDFC2*^QP].134+_S=K2&FC6K-#D&!A4.40#/E




MJ57.5R=,&A:<\,Z1-H=!+$R[9#B22_Z0&FQ\Z_&6K-<]$=C/S X1JOI
M=#G
N^[IE@P\0:D!P)$A(+VKNDM2H-U;SV;+



M[OB1S@Z?
.F2(8@B.P!$



M=S7._CE(GY.7'J9?-F0!4BQNVU-REF=]S&]MNCY5#[
&CG=P1!5
G .D*
3+


MUS-M_


MB3
9_5F9Y)/WYDF!;9WOCB_3*GG;V=?W\I@/P)AXZPDRIHPG6F\Y;Q85V-1Z




M

MN*AC^PM[:QJO:]/5
1OXM;
R;W*IZ)9N3\S^W#3])]MX
HS%N44?%7EY+D 7


MJ R




^WV9S53[OY_/T(IW?(Q)PTMG3'


M8V8T'I6=
6LS.N&Y#(8VJ;K3T:;2F1_&\D4L:
R-SIXT9A9@3UD7
MBPX!HRI1-L9N@A

RJ0R
W9] L96HA2-5LT_


MBF93&B




EC6 '^E&$Q
M:1$PK!)E?+B]_9K


34ZE\K:$F@4

M.51&QJA)P
!*E!DR0GV)
6L9FX/;)0_E.SD89E$:$Z.PJ&R




F@0
K$39'DL#_UNK$N^WVW:-
MJGR;R2)XE
;(:#PJ





2J-R8&


8E : PLQJ
R+38^



8A!

M]24\IP!F41H#H[H3(Q5EX1E2CSH]H_;^?ICXV1/=$&\ID8P* \!A9D4)D7


=_,
M:J-7<^)BV-4&J









MM [3X:QZ'
!)X+G4PA]S=[64'''W$N7GVN2-MQGZ

B?R%NO1JCOUA3(TY](M0C25')BQI



MJV6.72-040Y+-8&*2HZ_D%P!\

5U5R
M%)DX!0QJ49;5Z?5@:]HW;LX)\Y]H#TBO[_]LZV.5$8B.-?Z3[!S1QZXBBT


8ZXA46]?;E=6A

M6Y*W




MG_[Y
XN[D^H++HET$+(OUV$J^8A7]!4O4&8:&#5/QQZ\'B$^M@TL#6&D4AET
MV

 C.@R%'O.*OF(@ZF)E
B#=/3




M[_''[W]02P
$%     @ 3UM?2X3$]WW=-P$ )JP6 !0   !A;&XM
C Q-C$R
M
S%?;&%B+GAM;.2]:W/C.)(V^OW]%3RS)^+





T[6\6H -4.TH\ $NC M:_T;U[W
W+F[K

MKG_IWDL3D(B-
?


(/!6HYCXI/JS



SN[E7HS/)N7$7L;P$0/\.4X$S[]D@!4



%+TR

)X_3YJD2L1!B=4NDWS7_#P!HKTL\1\D\S@\J\V99SO?!
MW!(['GBW!(W_Y6JE\KY]X1C?NU.GYWGK=U'[


=*+.#\GX9&G@#FJEP/12/ 72O5@_)W=NF7Q
@J'O
MQX'NHB 64_+;8V17^/Y_'.:/:?7\;C(TGAZ4A2K..=B5U)V!\-061HL2RRA


_&
M_;T?X/L=E&^_IT$V1R
7M^;RZ1! KS-#'


MU+P/*X#U3G$ V



IOST]!&.+KYLE+4[!(ZQ-



MWSX.]Y


6%25QQ@A;


Z1+H=WOU(+Z?KY=O^BQG96/YV$
M
]L#?L4!EH
M6




U&B=&[$<6OULV&LG(AC4N0(
6!
M
YAEYW6\J)J-R** B^U EE.
#KVP#91# :X6;$=_6+D%=?7F770%GQ5 -V\
M&F[.+C;UR_*!6?-E_-F:U:_?4


M[GQ^5\C-D03ZP+O

+#7@E




Z/6)O15




L&:BB

WG5Y0?7QPYXOT1-]
MRF$DX!4&X!S


/U?D3


.86!K ;TD+R4URY#K977PIC7.'-

-&*

M@'!+^WAUH(F2$NU#L7Q0(3Q/HQ#*B^T6U6Q(BE 4@5CP#;4B42N@WXZ[=!
Y*MXNC4?V\.<<KWMPR50]<A.G5QDO X

M]\6'V6GB:@ G@EE(WMJK/UP5['

KU$P=TRE*F7.VTR8)]
M%?ATP9V:0XP'D@\K_I!@FFO. #I8!;)M[



MD&G-C.U.B9V&AWL4@$$D!K/DCSZH 7TT@^7#&%P=OV!XX(+\B(7@CE30.41!
M_=B$OP2SK'^9K]
2ZD;P[K 6E.B.NAV6H#GA%M1


??_[Y%Y;5%3VQ@C]%?_WIYY]_9O\?%??CG*5(KLK[+$]^Q-/_

KJCRKH1^

___)3Q#YK7:CZXZ\_157-

M=


-?O;/?]TI#-&GB+*[
C#+ZM?EN%RQ

U9:%V0Q*LZ?/$\#T


2W=?K_U




.1R+HV^



FM0F)Y1D#TVF

R(-Z &)#P95@/


CQQ;
F0

M

;01BPJV!E&:J.58+)
MQ]IJ@V2@@B@YI(^5(0K$G*Z: U.!/7Y] AK6(+YXB)28 
MI2 2$(Y#)!98 K_ 2H*P+]3R$
/F2?5HYV\; CF#RA@=WPF -3%
(\]6@#
M8XLE]*N.
T0Q#P(98B!^O!R1B &%\%DXC390W4_;@$?]R8IM6X$5(J!Q(+

N85
MA[P/,T#A3J' 5WS6W9UT]N%E&:=%7 ]3&FY]AXOL!S)O5TR*V@\J$@-XEXN
MJ':+YJY %*]+_



V0
M\4[!
GPUZ06%U



M/4F?XJ)D/W9#.&OOJQ8MP(.%*-9 A?;@.K)X&[_$*A7OH!26A!WOX[A+Z


.7_]$XJ.T5!


MQFB5TI$R3M(P.CVSLM&T*LS0T9S@FW?E/=^.C
9'IOJ# KY#LHKK#4]*GD0;

$/Z289@KAAHKA:'69A
M?9




][^F&
_2B9=@3CG9LGEGOO=RG

 C*CSH_' +TW9W1/90GJ4MT(4]

EE;J]\Y5 *ME&6;H6$I[G06<9\O@/(H6[
M^W0GV_+6


MB+4WG=;_FM=S-7O3_[-JDBH1/PO2

W#!9!/V!Z3(V17D1(K5.1,WTR-&,R'B:!_4A(;ZW(4T: :36MBW
M?$U1<9[I0(MZ5L(+QG 6D0@G6A PL@(M1@(?N^4L!W%0\!Y

MI7O59QO/XO/5XC;.69=X$YF*BU59E-6GJ1K8PZ1F[76C56M3\$;38L(T('4+
MD.D^BH);[@V8%SVO!47C1E(3@HHHVU3VRDY=U U8JRP(8'
P28/7Y;B
V7)W
:&PHF?T8;88)_WM\,(R;7^.6X:D-R?23C18
M 50@1BJ\F@*4-P7\XES\.8?=-W[QP''=;+FY+K/)PUG,0M<P8C_?I/ZTWM/

_FG5_HPE^-E\'3+PIL:P@%LGO3:=+8
M=CE.IB?IP7B9E.

M+@PBX+[_@!22:D 7WIP@W&M16

M&]G+JD
93]MI0JX7$!?J[F;G%J*YH%VDGR:T@3HP5[7SJG8YHGN3C&K.=LW
M&QW&=\DD*?_POJT3M97\!2+\VYTIU?GN\C@DE V/HDT$8.?L=/M5[;437


MQ6=%

@H-A PQ=(+X8<

MX:7)##@IBM4@
J(.=B6F^ ('FW;
M[%H.8 Z2WT^OC,[C<1&SO/7]59&D<5%4@]S;).5=&F D0SADE,FP-Y9$6D^8
M :AK!S(/4$M\]FV6(7;*(6.#6SVGHTG5;0NZK4VU@/?*^_C=!S5E_@$.(S%

IV?

MHWD


M:]E-.%C5

M!@%-:ER/:DQ$L2L%DJP2&N,Y?9Y+;'C-@BX2K
#J/;:() +



M&:@&)5 D5M$Z&E@9WM
 

';?E@W$V

M'[$9M^XV;H*R(!\$H5.9G63ZR5=Q0$T'#=$3.L#3LE7N#F^#@GZ7X3U)82




MC.PMV$KJC]I:-@U05M\KJ88!W

%N^R

M%+\7U9IA
:/X-@')0=#AXA=W-B7%,/#H706':Z^[(^]K!J7_W?D[2=K-Q+

M6JIJD2L4V$D=3?XM87_\'X:;WC!716N8\\RCY?C5]9EHTQ N1DZC\TP!WZ


)XK %A_%=G.=L

M)@(


++L





9IS)

E)7CN7R21TDY=T&HTZ


M%P?[L[WB=KJR?)L45DM&Z+/\9)H%JR4C[N%\0H&\U9*\*U''U





KL'V8*J

M B6L'X-XI)FS;EZ%IBBOJP1!&1QB


M'9T
'5EFSI\)


MTG$Z


+[MQSA1D;7Y

M*WI\ZVQES@DUZZ3/P0+YM*OGU*+L=I[


E
HY
Y!+9&YYGIYA?ASCZ




MO



O(7IYCM5ED
MJ6]5ACB$*KMND+@L!6]0UM P1J9*SA6AA)8EHWP\C:.M$N'P!/?I!PR15.-S

MZDJ'PSHM'/$.8E0PF=E0*O\NY=88$(5NL8F2T5:@RAY!6L95?S*
2$

MK9R7]CJ5IFPX[%(!!B\W1EZ9SZ5@=I

MQO:L!!%R%6JTVY01-4S3A!2L
D\TPRD39YHA9'3;EIJBT;ILQ I'K'3$BH=#
M 15D9
J_)T 
\H0S8B3A
L[T$35
.5-!UF]75Q_.1]'EQ=7HY.(\.KTX/XY&
M'Z[.HL
/^R.C3#.NMUDGT[X*I\C%A=8_'5#(]..+=9-MUP'5H#;M\&MW
^!U
MFO7Z=3C.0?)5
\S/ [@ TAW*-C L5X)!D.BD^/ 71\9T]' =WH.Q

M7=?W8Y@




%$HHJ-:5F\%C--ZOR/+/SQ-

#HGUP#1@K*(8






MG=+]_V3#S

MH+N& %*#NW6 6[MCS&_[UQ^^_




M=7OK??J
;$M6.+KKKF;O7A;!D4\-0;Q]UICJ@=\NNW-_M3B\88INIK/@HD0[



5$1G?'GHX


M



M%0\M:?8N;^;VQ-G=9BNV+'



QP3[C20C]

EDAML6@9YU'!

0ZRJ4VOM%N#7


GII

F6(W6G9!P:Z)
M3& TII-Z[:A
(&L.D(B ;1HK$0%['$+[




#G:*$CAQ#RN!.@0J6DX?#?$&J 5&I%Q^C&PKMS.-


4%'O+B+O2%)U3ZJ($GDC;619

ZM;H^7R)
M[N
A 1:Q++&9='
 7C=Z@P!2)!:+7?4WY)%EJ


M1#0]@%[$T1'#6=E1$D

M[SK!



M[ZI2;O^KO4FH^5SU\/W#2[RH]0M]@7K%=A

A4%U
ME[H0MG-(WE7

M])=^^^/U'Z.CN/(UX_E6YZE_ZB?K3#5W
RR6X_2UZ/6LPCX9U #W@FZ5CM30

6*YB


MP7B9E.-Y_1B[O\-4X


BF56C.?U%2K%23J9





MB@%X:?$2%0OP5#YVQ0BFPF-7K



MNPD]&H4]7I%!1G2T$505()AD@P3!R.7K.




J_)NTKK8Z+B*3M++TZ+VMO73XN]57E?




[  /8.\)#3V
MD-E(3L%'X-).Q^GTMR*^2F;WDF



$'K1:+


M/6=G!Z=/YTD:7_5]EDT=K8^SHL




\MEEDJ?(5
7:TZ_+U]%R]OGE
MZX@T)/%%D\2BGFB_Y.&W
Y#H


7


MIN@W;P-9@# R!14*]#6TR*TE1&L1GO?E$



M9_D3ZS3W/BZ-L/47


M\% _/CS



M-B/_0(ZF


0*I7 ;G/M6KBFDKG6H 0:HWPXL 02U'M/GJ/.

MH]Y4];[?3!]6F?&O[&R'F5448G=
4


MP)/?\:PF>I3



8R%%MZ/@AZ8YR'WR0P%8 4&(!11P1 /M0,.




M4
CI5'24!/ W.8)IDBW@T?H%O GBZ
MN1^]WMRF;-O]T:A^W/NF9D*ZDY:TA)B?/F-B.^%Y2IIF((]0TI&^.52&U8[J
MZMY/!356D;QDSL[]0V


R/J#: HQ1:&9[63N4=L







9:(LO9STTQX:C[FF1 ]CO299$\#1QT .9CDZY=(=F*XX9!V=C


M*W
MLN&9AXKDD/[U+7EG 5I-/#1/+-]+_^K92YN!VXJG1J/;V%O3PMN5Q_Y2
M3I?I]/1F]K4YUL+






N#


M08

'K.'MGQMLW\S3E!9UHJ5L\9PV(= UO:






Q7;KY
M36&WQQS2
=5XRB]W2O17$0X/-.HHUM 5/
4V;[5BXH/];]?GA_W]V_84]KY
M28D.D@@'Z?!+/DG+ XETL)4.HAV@WX-_6XL


M4&N78G]_PQ$.Y@MA;.
8?E%'<F(9BG&/9U^N,FG];_
M_,3^S?[_[A-I(!.K((EF@ J_G!.W.YX!AKI(+CQ==LEX*]O.
))B$08YB!-



MQ^@Y^W+4OQ'/G@*2T
55X)=HHC8'$L0 $QU$






M
 O39L\Q2F*BQ5 ETFR';*&L59'3AB!PB?4X/[C?!\MLAC$-FE%%LY!XYCBH

*.F^+-8[#S&'Q
OOV6+_]M+C]1A)C )E& :8OTP]3@)9Y



Q

4[3\9V2!R;L0;/'*IP$P!U7






M'=XD925\&H3BM;9N#?(T[5ZX)
U+54J85$F]J]2TKJMZV.K6+!;'VA03IT

$-[P$R8UW






@2X*ISO@W%

M4.8
.6.O8BS-Y]GS^.*35!#1[/F,M3G^?(X7Q;*:S3:KQ1UV!=29IM]E=
M%-(QD284*6LVI56G,/2L-7VJJ(4G#3VAY+)99191H**BED:TI);'H/7Z?+S
MU_H?^71T7.]C?26/7P(=9&,I\,_UP0M#RB0\:UT%,LXRNDH%WABG!%SB
:

Y5X%
BGHW8YX]Y'L
?


KH$MH


-;G= 08QKI*
P-M1-
M1[90SB*W0!KB4






M8AM0=N.#?U3_.#U^./TXN;JN1P97)GX8EJ;CBSG2G
(8;HT?G\RUA]XO#]6H
AK[8%;W<S'_4_CI^J</-2-R!??)I



A3M/@G%&#]7X8(

M_.C)]4@1?@M#B$#RVQ'D5V%-#0)):V&OE4D:0OWGEZC4.B6(\F**:0QA.W


MA1-
DG&$^YP



MJ]





4MH2X@
MA(5T5 
1UZQ'

65Z^S_?I:+];PZX?''W2A#99M'M$XLCV2



M7


JY1EIS]4)<N
M]$,Y-)@ TH8NGR?9^9' ;AA@R_&C*4#A^UUPP*'[O\P/F[/WJW'*S8_9IV)9
M_],X!DCD:@<2*Y[+DA:Z#$DP)99B@N 0EUBA')N+Q76#2
$*-[YF;T.J6$K

MG7K[Y?(S:PG[
SV]OSZ\87\1^'RA7 //SY?K@P7%GJ- I!EUF(!5Z$6*T+9
M5TP%=..X (AWOJ_8(2_LQ0@58M!$A?

M(&3(1!M$#5T#X+(VNDU=@B,LQ8^()U:/ EEES(A[HV#*S!^0YFMS2Q%TH4


-2FQ8%0=C^3(-LX'/!D.]\'[8H(]L(!






MCQH$M'$

M S07:.*!?3(XC0A?S^H_7[_
/GZI_RJ+?8*8(!)K$!6X8GV00=0^KY$!

Q:

Q
M.;OY?/]*$,@D0;Q82#2!PV@=GF-QRCK



3S9P_UL0
MNYK-J& O(JY0!



Z.XX0*)!3.E+]

M#$2$('9&&V#?7AC @9_&]UM&OU.'WX2OA_.K^='H.?MQ?49QR1LLU


HP)




)K?7#_6+9_;/E\GR


M!(UITII)87B=/*L0)HJ;2$MK/+$:E]OE$NKHBB3N \B(D9&3QT+8&8\V
M763(PY(ZY0Y5=
8(!'3Z5+K\AW_3JA_W?FTJ4;B0\\E_D)ADC9(MYD@E;;K@
M

ZLR'DYEU



M8HC;=)$&8



MY7
IXM_TZ4=]'N=U@\P!0!LD)E$CY(CAUPZ)DP3QU8/Y++%*)*75Z_JERT=C

&-G_
1XV*:QJ$(C




A=;

C!



;Z ?#Z7*/Y-K7[8\;6Y _8 
 B)*=88B6*.1U)F@Z;V$H5JYS


M9]!%


 YI.82*W1]\V^


?7A8
MCKNCUK[Q+H[UBPA\ 1O5( N)41?Y )?-*4U(PS+&$7%O3R7!?_DW35K1M;79
M069;3@W_16*2M%XJF..%Q+F 0PKFD\$J(XB]KW.;L
0.OA9;:WX

P];8J[


QGA%5R*(_7[9KXQA^;


M
ZCUT\

@5MGC_%+

F3D-IK@QYR(!9.5QR@IW

MD@?:Q*%T O (B1G.2'ECCE;2)PX.RUC
'+N/H
2GXJQ[ZC58&8\KC&EPL%&=
M1T]QHT[NJ\&RN7WD) O+W..FF+?GDL_*=*KJW_F$EB&R +$E.A]5+!X..E


2PC_YEHK.SG.@-B8=8 J
M2,RZUDT*P\-ADV4%XFA8PVEAE2?:@OZJG/2ZE4KWM?VP!*P40V.D!AUD0QP

)\
5AFA
M7F;?YGR6H#B['KUT

QJL(+4K(MD4)7/*3
 @1GC!IF_IQ+BO_V;;ZWL


MY8W1L5$I$P=M;)2MS+%*.G/Q:;-B/-K8]5N;2\: MTH[6H0C=RNBU11EM I
MN41&:
;J
M3P^<N%K\)EG9G:\-]3!,HTM%J;T_EV3^301/D2HHTD]\@40$8E)X[BI97:9
8SPBHYY&K%







5=;+Q7
\4'B7


KI=7!P*S=PXU*/SR6'?_.P'W1W
M_87& ?L 8Y8?:V?'@87'$^3'TB+CEM)$*OL




MS =SU) \(7XP4)&66'U?[EQ(L2MOC?9F-P0N &V*@&-4B
NL@$N&Q.B4$:

L4Q;C(.2)



HX7;R4




MLH[#6#'KCG

.\LL*BR5.



M.-64Y:;8E0-JA
ZMO


#-




MA
MA

-E*X4#'



MBM7$L7EM%1Z6V\J


8BL'TI*(@210
%V?SK=L/N3OLO5Q9'



M;0*P$W9N7;@VU[LM@?7;8EB9U%[F_


M@

MWZO*Y C[@9 
P+[
4]IN3F7^F'8'U@![N5WKFT[;Z.\F(#Y%A]=%=[
]WI;0


MV%


024WFR?J6 6Y2S!:E)<XQ$XSF),D<$MID][88[HHCQN1BF^/Q9HK.
M: H?:)0F\^$^X10E)T1J\B@ML9K$.5K&41DH9R)QD'E-ZLKZQ@J.\LP6LR5/
M-!/4YB;3'');?U\5[P*W?-V4EUYCX






M-0RL*06%;^


J&E][;8MC\

MEE41H$YLB_


:$(S@*69'6EQ20I;TE8*$


'+.JHS7

LL1







J=
M4I



&'28-4$8*=!,/S331
MW'E\/D&HK'R#UN6QR5FW_H*-#8SQ#BA)$L15JQD




M(D;3W 2Y?CZMJ*R3@)\?6/P$.[*^9H&3=#+.42GS96E;:4DSNGD:#=\JBW


M=B0X#+8MW'L6E75]SI!:=Y@HJM)2X! @/M-<(G/[?/I0F1Z(FPM8W)W8GVR
MGO74


M(XW.-./$G3Z?
E1F0V%F !;;R%Q8GY=D.6&

TWBC$'E&3LIXV18]*[V?IJU



M97U*B5EVFE0*2E0BB0VTY1R[U(C3[R=W ]V?Q*B3L *(72_'Z=1#%.*0DS
M!952K*2*DZ==[+^P'.9*XE2_-(-WBT2TC?#

;I)&&FH!**E51Q02DO:TZ7
K3R=W=AWFB+R$%*@D%IEI(KEUJ)$;WLZ.![H[%HG<FP<H


M%

CSX@R_H$$K/L





 K: $EY)7



M\WQ:SODL3F#RD
H^!A5)[3O-)E6):1 2$*%Y3I(YQD@J*A/PL?
#CYGD;N3D



XPC\)#'N

@+]
MW%MVF3M *4D03SPVXZQSYQ(C8:@L)H7 6A\$W,@)QN#ZPE831CS3),L8W!I
MQFK*..$87KA!L[XICTZYP6.R#& 902.N;?L
F6 4I+@F'ALQCGFSB5&PE!9

M&K4#!
8!'+C



I7@LI*@)&EXQ@DI[A5ELAZ5=110
P*-C60^@)FN!E=3


T?R






FT4I27!
=TI-0MA<9)?51Y2&86@81NS+I
&UGY

+&:)F_5Y


M(DN;9;ATYBK-G)#:]EB;


%5Y21 8$*!Q


3=LJQ0LX._9#]


M%^U_%JRSY3]6G[N/F3BQ#9?CX6XRW+0_=Y-P
JRS;L4N;'W
?K$Z8@=JPUVJ
MAYS%1;.VJ(KOJW'S?@E6@I%=.B:ER'0SGU)9L$F75MD243:AD*^(=?%Y :.W


MTF^^ YB/\JU8;;[



M



E*ZSG\H\TW4\5?:K)ZC(^M&8206

M$:=JHZDX#J[DI6TQMG[7\Q;Q%A[2+I6!M;IT8DJY0M?3KJXY)0P$5PLWJPK=
MG:*R)=^/P:6WM(P;&G%LO=/NTJ6]C]7K6V%HF.;POG.0O.PV[A^KGYNBF'


M

 G[_+:\&ZX
Z&^[PM<._4Q2.G<[N4W[SD^$U(

XFS7Y

GC*=4EN
AU5Y4U240K/4%
M@XB5/WO*

MAE0E5$Y/5*4T?
)X2F6=+U+M1555 L%:7XV


M$=CS6#1NQ^\3
5G_')Y;)7CC(6+QD9&+]_'Y#YM C6=(*

%92









$I& &MT5Y%MA\T8 )D(VB^/
?VCQ6

M*BPC)A.EH0)J
8/;G6ABGR^B
3GX4=2.F4$_CR5DM3/JL^^-VN=B*)[BLB^5






C(R_OX_(=1
MH


D$:6%]$0EQF.G#)\_


F&Z410KHQ@SN
M*:

Z.?7X*% R&A(
U'](

.%X 9V9P8UE
$#1%[69$A4I:LYL

A0DHQ@SN
-PZK*M^J9%PMGL9PF.64(ATA&'$I]!\WX7K/
MD$24%M(3E1B/G3)\_O1]9!0P1DPKRB(%Y&(&]Y/1@SU?%&-BW*
H&K

M!8P1TXVR2 '=F

H_PC9BT!

%]&4&]YE!

DI33A$


_?OKV


DHQ[E4?J/I
K:SY&A,KIB8R4AD\94'_Z
M3C-J5
F)H%@ 3V9P5UGM%'0%TF9!@8IJLH
X:#'PG+;+TW%ETV.SWQZ6PQG
MTSPY8:F
DHRPE$?I/Z0J:S]#PA(JIR?4AH^94#]Z3O3J%&-F+ $@@6$90;W
MI]%&05^$91H8I@L

M9TA(RLKHB8B

[C'C [8


M/$+_L1*L]0PI05D9/9&#L= I ^=/WRD&1C!BPE 2** .





M$O$_
[C!BP;.^2(/DP$=16F8:3S6!9.:R]OB^$N7.2KYVV5GJ4AT=&%-Z%

A'$4
MQ6 60

MGC*(_O3M5U181DPN2D
%-&
&MU[1Q#Y?A&-R\*.H'C.#?AY+R/R*M\*VQC]W

@)2'ZCZ%PO6=(/DH+Z8EZC

X#XLFMCGBX!
#GX4%61F
MT

!F-C(Z(L4
M30N-%'5HQK#18Q':Z[8+[#Y@O*KM6^+@B9SZA$,D(SLE(?J/JG]9TAH2@OI


P2&'FO
UTWE
QA#R-PL9V+;[R1ABO-A1%I#)*
M,C)2'J7_8*JL_0Q)2:B<GHA):?B4 ?6G[Z2C1C5B@A((%I4&=Q/1QL%?1&5
M:60HJS,$ YZ+R%P._

M

M3X/#P_)M

Y@7+F#2
A2E7AO^=P2UN-'#.%V&8#.@HZL)
()W'LE#

MBQ)
@&P4]9__T.:QZLN%@UY9G*C.5ER ORV&+^3DGS)*
CI0'J7_N*FL_0PI



A+T/C[_(16H\0Q)
MS7@)/9&7=X%3!LN?OO4





GS]]#Q@%C!'3BK)( ;F8P3U@]&#/%\68

O13$E_5+;;LMM
FI1BA 

M^\@I0^9/WP

MMV&'/]X]G1;D9*(R2C):41ZE_QBJK/T
J4:HG)Y(1VGXA 'U;S]]GQ@UJA$3


M=A1E8C;@SF.%F'^/IJ&_A/UUKMM@I\AI1#A$


[AGC![L^:(9$^



6@3#]

M!
+T'TS5]9\A'0D6U!
M*8^?
JS^]!U@'D ;
4T)10OHR@SN!Z
/A;YHRU18
M2%%?9@D



A2E7C'_/X!8S&CCGBU!
M!G04]6$FD




0
$-7747^VICB
$HR0
MC-:


!'&492#60 YC[7@J3H_54=G

$-&*J41XK





8(1DI&$\0O]!$ZSU#
E#61D]$8BQTD#
MYT_??P9&,&(B41(H(!,SN.N,%N+Y(A230AY%J9@1S/-8+#;R@U(AG*P;[.H
M2$XIRL
C(Q/OPO
?



L
;A*# 8J^J
R4J$A1;V8+

J4ZXI)Z(3J
MA
'U'S]]4YE'^$9



HJ6\^EYOZD/UE
M]?I_?VUW/&!8GO/5U*?K(Q/GHW'UT.5?05EHU%M,WYGQAH=31FO#@.(R%6]*
MZ60DCL _+;+4UVXNDG^Z

MXZ@]SI]:\':F1KS@\^.-%T(Y*2L]16Z\B]
V


\D++3RX6'9





OQBY:_^.
M-EWRFKVSI9*]%!A9?



HQ1](J;_CT


MJO6UH6XC

CX:3XBC7:IS4XU_-7CG*7=DX
[S

 =6YHU0OJIJ@R*+ O%:GP K





MCT_

B[!D

#$









MOBV&O
[8/WP1C'QGW4F^F+Z=
.S)$WD8'B-LOY\DBA00:B(%&E\#M&ZKK%
MEA#!ME !HI%+%8M+'M
!$#)B)0V.)$K]&$LF YM/JK_'C]LB^].IGL*_=O





G\ZJ]J2+M6X!H -GBXS*PVA!1K6DP1 G

M=0OBV*AB7[K 




M
' NP7S2\8J


M9WV!&
,!5(V/]$B@ D919

ZMSC80D;6I 87)P+'
M%W2A+'5Z;XMA^R!.EX[3HKBD;5_E*
.P)W#D87B /\KZ\TG60 6AHFBD\;F



Y




%HN1E&UXE'(-7/Q7(CI'$$&DS W5J)%%EUN)LL

%?2$^6 GGE+QUU-!_RN(JTAB41CI

M^%^
IJO4Y;8V9-&PP$PFX4//:5-+;?!&O(D\&7R[_ENF_*]@
=P%RY$1K&31

'%[
MFE_.5YOAA$F$S_WP=[S7Q)23OV#OZ7XH[?=;3[ZR&V!%U3FU]]7[?WROWO


D]J=^EY+


M'RX;.X^
M=K]VR\VI
=P.-WO$U^0)/*D!YY&!KT'V-]=Q6/FZ



MB@?ZF]\_-MX*?+3+@O$@^AR




Z68U8]V(D?:^Q_+G:L
M+)]


G@]YR



+K^TAP]
%]S^(+9NQ?6$H?4[ZA^?R..V[RPG
M7[F#_R!6?'[0U


_X#V^'

MU:^:O_PXN/Y:K+=\_?W-N]P@

M7 37RPU7[.\EPB\+QE[FC4:Z?G=9*C440^SPZ_E)[^IJ?\;HU[/';PN37WX=


K:#D@


M@+L+&F0ZR8LXN&V6%K6=V#J)QW=\I]))X/!

MG(DN

MWX


M8)VVTEZ=PM7X]=@.J72)6%0F^\*M
_1.P



LK=HW]UE
'@].


M_SN-]NO.P5X[0.[UFD-J-5VKS!@M._1V!P
T'G8+%QJNW:OG1X/2W$K7)I



M^3[D'WNM


5S#;3EN73P7CARN54WBL



!C\

DT:LU+WS'-[



M@MJ6

.ZT]9PG9+R%GQO=W8U=N-*NX89+1X4!L6


MN-!LW/

M+1]9QV=G%AF?MM@78=4EI9[*NUFYO1^/9B]M9VUX%P1J WZWK=EZ)Y9R
Y9X

3HX_L#^YHY)1E
M&XB#^??9:7PL\64 



M/@@*M;55OG03.CK1N#2Z.!0MV)
_L*
A:WZGM[:[Z!U]=]_:+
3YHI@LY:S9



M 3/GKM6.Q?G+E('_FK\!C$BEYC8S51&AMB?H2+-QCT%Q'KQ
.:6NH]&X%UH-
M:JYS=#L8?PD'\>%-K XQSU=&[EZ



I&B]T6




M'Q3X.BG'=73W4V/_0QV3G+J@_; R/Q7RK45XJ+MLU+LXL-OSNWG]IN0/DYD]










:.

_[6A
Y#TGA8
M)CO(G3?L+C$(N/W@Y?+*HS6A]1T&X;7M62G$SZ=_KV(.(+$2&PFNX+,)79_
MV/))C[^7W65^Q+$]Z(.?Y$KQ[R8C(CW$S'Z^K[2Z93B&-S&27B#M$YXS\

88WB:

*ZXC*MXCG;KVS70EU4V6PA;AS.VI
M2;N KBM9XW_9#*C@;:X

RAV.3GP6
M3'W )ZFY;G@H*!




'8V

M'
:;=G1LC+C*%6)$1C(_Y@@OZ_E&+RS3N?6@?3DU1EWZZKDRK\4GT?T*[.XD

#@FFOG.U8;

M#GD#JWQF\'KY9+Z



M\^RF_H5U@TY0==[H31[46
SNF(T7K0/F&N.($1E!]I@C1$P7MB\36)CU@)E'


M^1@


+
MS5#S0QXQ.T*T;AM?:(3U!.8GR(\NITOF;LI2U@-_!378S [K;8.KC9V9P5KZ
M


2'5&_@_^7Z?!A<


M(V\@$6










FJ$E.=;;5:\@LRD\[)!Z9

MVPJ7:\OZ7;G)Z1[X#,1EW2'D],,RUED]R*DL19\3$^9;+Q 5G)(C+[%;1U




MW/6D)+ZG%%3*!*!!3[_#S#;UPFS1X D:(EP4A3K\^][1(\S)DUS2T2WWD)


MMME+QYB(
!IS880XV!==

C@]5+7/X;


]F(?X8^/T? '+%+#:3MEX-HS1/%@N1.H16BP4

M#%[C@O@: %WDSKW$
+JFQ^N4X]MHN;!%Y@^.


M.*3/

_W^SRE \(QO2T

WNF
LBS'




)4B@8T;3
#7;B44FW?-H$E)BGG6W'/\8F'S6?T!/DIZ+
MX7JVNRZ_WUDBA)RM:-VQ+3#@Q=LR;XJMBTEVZ8/8)'/\3])R&%R D.:HV&U
MQ.P8E=U2LT/Z^69.)Z,Q8A&/J#L-D

M%




 &L7%&DWL\W

M[?SY+EX?]ZG;O85*$XQ\GM_0D





MH/H[YG

9MTRNAV0?$ZWT)'#:JP8%COQN(*Z;IAUO5=6[HHI


FR=?GR'YZ-F7'&5[#%O&[9
! ;W1ML$#31B-8

M.C[+OD&B8K^CHT6?@4[!TNL+%:7&K-8=#YT?7H4O*U-:2#=8
D;[/HV-/C



2J8(=)3I



M'-XU6IO&EFXCI_NAN V2FG&X04GB((QOUOME:^RSC2T71N!TS/
C!55;1?YQ

.$[&E]

MS

-

 YQK

08?5V-S;

M



M!+UKCC\=@C9
1 S^;+R=62:)[KSC0]1V0 I
(YIT9)E'U D(
AAO889=@RDF


G*X3+EB




+W6!YD/O[BF))T
RI=B^O/\<YV\
MW&OSW#Y=SCC46(
1]3^G0 6;I2'[+
_E$&P3@+IFN%9-95PYU+7_6_@\(H\
MN%LP($MU(@6!/A(1!=/!T#%'SMQ7LKDF Y12.7A/2X$(1.3*3V?AX() D#N




ULZN-/G)QANNE+C!R@*F5!QNZ:GH(P9K

M2:(DC/@6!\I@KLX&^TM?XUQL=B$6I+

M7*ROS;N/1;7

U^3
J]E:E*4U\.+S


MU.$6!MB%S)6(A_?S]*^-3[C0O:RY%QO




ME;
Z%-MH+;*8.SQ54^41_B@@F4R^2^=!/HLT%E3Q-64[CJYB JS.)_PS#:Z6

MEY'(9&B3P(/\S'#:.^%.=@C.&GO=^I6=F@/LS[1Q9M/0GI:^GQ[7N:J@Q%]&


MN\UY'*PN
Z20?-[A4\9[<FHDHCKBZB@ *X$5S*8GF&FE2#04A!IG]8




M9:PNV^EWD





E(HY =</2 0


^*YB=8VV3Y=^@_E@X_V\!-;!W:V@!
MC46=R/.:FEZ^XKM98/





MLZ+;.![

V

W..33DU.%BC*%R(&E3!2:U*0+@B !'B 1F)X R2A+*?+W
MRZAR

MJ#@]=IIIP? F)F4\OR$EF^UE#%@_#HZESA::8'W_'_A9%58]NT\?*DQU2O



MUN.0E+']3TK2]7UT$&J_AE5%;(^POU?CX_37+;_8D]W:J]X6QCFQ5(4[E()*
M&?
;Q&3S_T*9MW=K/O=9 %*AO+&J0A'^=?
W S[L2BW?'(TWAA;\;V)2QOT;


M41(






MY=9F@*?)51TMO20BCO(U,E$&T')$I&'L*1,,H(*3'DN:NMC01+.8E].I
E,2:1AB=@4;BRTDI2^L\!48$H&Q$O:AHY%_Y#3%$
XJ]-HCBPQ7DJ
L[X




M;
'
\/-!E
M@W$3TF\UXV?\D^%C)SSK(0\?P5

M)GNRS7T]%?PX]M9C/:3C#C)U@M%&4+)

Q)94


:W! :.[)HU&@%^;
\$PQ375)$4M

*SZ
MH0)#=S%*:+&\\$_TAP:]?BCO99IJPZM@/55AC2D C1)RT+, _B2O&W0_M
MVW=8VI5YKR\2 P(H4^#M-6%]SCU58$=+ %Q4D +$PAJ/Z1^7
7#'^E+GIW%


M&F]HUBIM-:(!5E]UN/!O!'X)([)@1;RD&]]?%?[P*S_





MIXE
@O]X9D!)$WDCYGCIC


M[(P'L$CE:@N)A[5U!(L+SIL=9NT%UTGBV?B@*$+&IQJZ%)$#+X%EYB.#^@^_
M




M-C^RE_QG^?J6%B)A.R5P?Z%]4N




Q1P_PDF1!!:=)J21O
MO&X-U%UM6G'KK30\JQ.A*! TKLT8-DQ*
'NE
]Z(_3G-/3]T$]M0M(S7K8&Z
MZTPK;KUUQJ
#07%29.ZO*8





%9;GGAV26.[)

MDAA36K5.=^5H@M9:1:Z/]S!
*+'/+!+.'KU2D_4NX V%W32FVTFH)IND7LW3




:SST[I@@P MYF%JT@5T
MQ1=G4%Y&ZYWI44P!):[UVK1

M[?



MWCZJ:(76)ZUI-DUW;;E!K+66Q&M8'G#I

M7J)\J)5ZW17D9HK75D3[M=.YQYF:0D^$\\(MR]TA3RD4Z+$1;AA1$Y)R6A



M
KC4YX^]TA







M4F2!J


C

MT?

Z4=8V\UL]9^,<CIKE?[R,VFZ:X;-XCU5HTQ+DM6, -K#7X!@YQ+^[5QS-L6
M;N59-*LT/-.@D;)7_LAW6ZB[JK0#UUMCQZ86Z'B6&*A8N E14WB&5B_?).+
M) X

M9M-TUYH;Q'IKH)%$'6:[A6&PBB7JE&NCRL9H?+8D*:;_3JC+'9--U5XP:Q

M 2\1

'PN\

=]FQAY&.FFW375-N(6NM) @6_#TX0'C[&.#(G(D=QY$7
M'HS5?-$O%^'6UNFN($W06JL(GZ#4&[\XZT+0.!%;P;QW[L'F0G@Y+-:;51IZ


M1.S:NP!$W;







N'?+E:-YV)M!3+$\RWZ=O31:IKMN_ E8
M:\4X F*E8\F88ZF6?3ML.;O[LQM=^#X4QMZ[/NG&G?;IKB%ML+76DS
@8D#(

(
X@UUI[@$#7]^Q)?R:=.=?1NGNE.SY?K2W^D\;G95;T*I#1G?;I
MKC5ML/56&5_<K'&N=@4-B%I1.*/_YOE;;K[E^4O(S4+8T_SU+9^^X]^ZO_W



@YX]Y ^38Q: :B6I0/_;CG7N \F3YN65UL&38?#



VH?Y&;PS


/=::[(5?.IZ+\J<.I
M?4X0?Z1P!0!7!R=[S  @^#27S#^90;FYN#083$


M-YZ[5%11&T.Z!R #Y:P$0J?LQ7]D$'YPN[06VF9L0!@T_C;R6C[?@[E]
6
<#F!]U6B

#Z.C-?YN6U4-Z)V+ZI^(



LG0:83M6 RZ+G&\EN*WP.Q?:)JHN!9;0P#1B85VA\ I(
MX'PO0:4Y#=Y[QG*15OE^]JW$M 5\YT)ZBZG3V0#/6*G

KVK22T!7SG$GJ+J=-17V A+T#QA+K3[R6?4WLR'



M;A$2%UG@@^VK*ZO9D^*U23O_(4F,;3+)HQW++K=S0QLU%.93ZI'9U+\0?P








M


_7/__\\QLZ^]/__A]?OIS=X7N.-;!F7^!__S/X\7:?OK)\V]!=Q_-UVT71
M#/6#YWJKXS=X[;<K$!Y<\[L;VN'QASOS_!5R)% %0^/:XNP ;!LJ['%KXU
M^_=/NN,'_WZ]U]_.WOH?T*9?R7*_/:N- PYN P=[X #-X^S#J'EFI9Y?24
MS,@LJ,%5!\<S;A[K0!!Y?HJ9X$BE0_3(/1U([R*<?2IY?S[IRRW@-/08*I;

M:J?ITW=H7(S%G[R8%3EY8\!'6#SXM\;HOG&5!/Z\P40\$2]7?%N#MXH;?C46
MMO










M!


MS'78J'R\K@IQN;&+$)E+^_Z_OL4
 0]8

M2A-N'LE[8.UYUK1=H(X-8NH%=D+M0I9;HH-O2;=P'UNL:NUIHHV@55NZ!J

-U0T
M



BSBFGEC0_






M#0I($AD9A3Q44HEO?N00WMJ$-W
EWKZI;UA^W25G];&M 2SW%YKILV^Y%2[O

MY^02E?0+X[$4I5@E









%D
M[-GX'_SZQJAKV:BKUP2L5\L3\.QU:W_PZQWK7Q&(M
8MU)-PQ=LLF?@5_ H














M\?

N



 R9!3J8'*V
M@'7B%@

MU:ON]= 


_SLBTD


AZMY@IG=D'S'M+
M_RQ[I=R$+?$R+I9+VBVO]/5R

M\;*JB^A2K'*)#XYH*S%&M

\0CFD88:?^%WPA4_7VM






M6\5?Z\


Z=B1&0L!1)/9V+0J288&/C+?8M9X[[OB5
Q

+IN/MWVW+.#'A7<!]YB.\/X_W*.SS








%W'?LQI;OXRI*2+ZYF--
\
8-UN_M7KDOD1PSN^Q9H[)C?#[]B5G_GNIR(E(BE\N
MDJ@72GA)<)WP$#&W<3'G;?-TBH](PCU$M.#ND04R6'^4@!NN&]42%=?/T*6

N<Z GFT6DKM(!T-ZW#? ^







H


MHEV[$2SEN?6Z^UB66\7LNLAF/7/$\.M(_3Z;64;X/+LNVC



%EA4ET)]0W73KWT



?EQO ECLG:*

4E*G04Y!P@OX@'#%,L4\X2GC=?QXEX[$
MQ*?Q)H2)RBD^J/B@XH.*#RH^J/B@XH-I


-UE
TDV11$42
M%4E4)%&11$42%4E


.13#







M=+&NK^U0=\ZJ_W Q5YSM\?R[4


MWP]KRPWN


PYP#F


+
.R=V@SR_NLT)1+#=XL
Y_6BG8JVJEHIZ*=BG8J
MVJEH9]J6D07HR=N6DD4HSG7+R=S\1#BFFM
?PE%7N*7F?0I








JICB?


8.;T!_M2YS^Y)7/?


OT?

M-RW/


]PH9H2S6$Z(-[\NGQ^KM6[[


MTZ\7



MKC6S0]B)%F #2GOYM5
Q[7(Q0YEN)2&._&J-?KB&M[(T_9 V\I-\V=O(#^$R
M

N-);38@SOVZG[[KO


MW2_ CNSFJ
M^#*8-QVNT\!@;=YLZ\#:'%K0T-\:PP/%K:*'FL9Z=E0E)8H/.\O7Y];W@['0

MS:+'DLX#HO&MMY[1VK&F._!K

&FMSJ1
2CO[B


!POV/I6Z2T2BF?R;I!0
MJ*C:(ZH]HMHCJCVBVB.J/:+:(UE&L=&']3RM.
PP.)U^&W;

89=I


M(J;H7)/&4GPX_^399WF[LMQ=NRYI'\V;4])KJJBDHI**2BHJJ:BDHI**2M)W

+S 6'V5PUK&I9.

+EW(.6PA=)






;5?H4]O7C^B-
MV?3\NKZV0]TY?X$I26I1@3&^FEL@=VBD4-?\GB)\J/[@NS31W5_N)@KS@3.

6/%C!4S5LQ8
6/%C.5EQMB/%IEC_0=\K2


[?D77-S_^=QAAV7='.) ^&;^C1])


D.Q3\4^%?M4[%.Q3\4^Y66?K(LA
GU\


&;P.?16;%U




M9H!J!M V Z+?UQ_NS/-7R(.UX^5D.O'

#(





6VXO_ [9.S3X\

MO1F%[@SF(_/O//$)S+[R\2?(B$Z+TL8Z10#G2 -.^/U45O/GPYCC2DL\:*9
MX#$B6D8@1KW''H&M(16VDAK-.L3IS5I

4?3C 3]-T(EA%[MYYCC[R_BX$\
M=$P[: %\QVMM=/SQ!33MF
(P]2E


M[::W]1M/&Z8P)8MG@D^




!1



AD7NPL126B:\$;F-3VS?S
M=Z_--9K3 0X_.?&Z7A:BLN())ZKB0

HP[/N

Y&MP+LZW9:!
MI$NLBDCB'E0L&RWD&X&;



M3IF-8XIGW+M13*&2:@RKQK!J#*O&L&H
J\;P)VL
7[^.)#K4@(-.SG*S?IVC

M


Y0X^PV5IF+5KF)]Y]5?JLJK.'M79

:9GUSHVS\O#G3KSQGEMA&A%4A$1U^S((X)[






MQX
N9G]SMD+SH8LD5 J

90E,R',)Q
M*=%]93 JWYE-^H]U=:LS&JPY1QU(L@K!\B(H*DP)-
0^5MEK8W9%T;(=.

M(DL*#$7]PQY%_^2$(A


M8LA*%)D/7'B14N+X*T2(,:K1QT=&R 3X4_X[3?K^X'V5+A?BT9R/L E2I8
M=\F^*P%^O+KAP_




M8*'0^1/?8_62A6;#UADL5*@+,%K)4.5T]^8

M\%H)D.
Q$@!?X^=



+!PPG)C

?[LX*SMWX/US@A@=SI[L&[*]]F
UL
MQP8N#+!7HRX6]H
=I6EV[_&1T@Q10RIJ2$4-J:@A%36DHH94/MF0ROM74EM8
M@
 %GF.;.J1QP^TTL$U;]VWR-H4S\ 
6/1W@^D4OZ(I:T-Y'@U/F



N(Q#C'A1X2*F8J6W8 WV8P3_'X#C\;W?I1PM\2GT&$UR2

MK45TIXV2I#-!9ERZC)C$^%#@A?&+V3HV3R/?1#\?X6_4EQ9=NJG

M


@;!12SMX[6?X


M@.O
_P36;.MT0/*57TA-_U!^-=+T.JKR9U7^K




10=B$
DF3+!$*B_RI1=IPIW9H@




KW*H8%SM*J=

M'=N] !P\3IIL6JPDH870%A

M(I H7S(LDOU8B6'$C-;*2&F[^PWP0!VKH4)QDQ$EP4AW'!D@$0X[E*#!MF
M-'/RB(Z:\Y?Z;CP[5SPGSE]D++\H#HGR)8
CV8^5&&+



K!EPK:C!=#9:
MMQ*V:V/]!*;OR]LGR I-C\K,8$I=Z,0'FMWEOYZL-EM1N3)3*P?P*[]'GV
MK-


T(EYA*SXQ'E3DLE2/UQ@



_VC




(]VGBBT

#/)Q?$7DRP=_.*^*Z&7




3#6WO!?
I
MN22GN









NGD6X[G4V\P$#J)&%
M%H :1J@\4


Y[$2H

=!E-^TL26P!N6+'R  [O


H-R(+

MX 6@201/


$ 


)A
MI

/B'90C_N]1@\4MWUV
M-J+
+ U3L/18?U02I!6'DRH/Y+ ^*V%E7JZC7NX
M']4I#!E+LN;(\S@%NU )PPTF5!VY8GY4 -ZZC48;_OMTZ ]0]16B%Q6



=UE.'TV*Q/G[2ELUJP !Q.7 &8W8B3!URW
M7BH!4EQ'#9Y=:X1X GQWC\ZUI M8A3!FL:

(

X3Q6 M2XCBA


$OY4 .ZZC#
B^@;9RAD_G
^O)*ZL^$H+8HETD4;'R

M6L&^;G1V



MHLQB_7


F]
 [0O;;M8-&&711DZ66@!
MJ&&$R@,UG,=*@!K7$8=9KSWI HXZ1'W8CT,VO1X)4@N #2=5'K1A?58W+B.
M&JQWCT=HGS9^UX/3!;K$Y*%%MK8+294'JSA/%8U+B.&&S0P1/Z#8Z/UR/P

MV^[/AK?Z%NH'S_56Q_-C&W9@.%ZP]:UW%]2W/O1B'S@/AXGO6\T KZ^E&?


MRSN!XH;L;\B+XU&:S/1@BG)E&WR=Z_KZ&S3RF^6$P?4(
OOK+[]^O1A^.?S7

+RX19'7T74[YH+ASCY[FW^V9:-HS$'_ /

4$3?
''&$7G+O%\@
@G\1N<6FQ%;0)*D

W&K:V;Y(6SF$IG@\:8=G1&/=A0LO




M8*H9F)]V!N;'SR2)



YJ_U:!N#C;!<:(H)DP%+<0]58L8AC6F

M+[RG*C&SCRI[T' @7#SX--MU7C3R;@F%I.5[;\6DR0 HC(\J

P%9N< 4E24#DF+^J<;L,QK3-J=YK_$X79ZG+_GD
ME7V+

D83E E1
F QHBGNHO%E8]RW4[GFND52^
M7GKQ=CX%^!5TY]-7%7FK(F]5Y*V*O%61MRKR_K1%WFF?3A+[ZJ'B4/C+/#Z-




M
'TYNV$X.OBPU\F\6RXD/+OT3


MH



M3PO



M3YZ\(HQF


I!&_'(MII!*
&*M*C$K=S3_G
M8_#7KG

M )M

M2JPC=;\7$)PU[

MS.6I#_N14%
.Z82'5K+Q8B;*8S
;6]_#G?-YX
M.3B/K^1IOJP$%T=A5+!T^(MYKA)E(IG-'!W6\!K8\GS9[&L=/WE.$6/YQ7%(
MD\='$E^K$1Y169K7ZZ;=71XLC Z'%O;JS)Q4C

M/1=G*/G:LVEH]D97FQF^
Q/E



105+


$9SMQ

M/#O1
;+



=Y68

0:+4=&D_3T*I#

LD\0Q0B14O
M'R;Q7JS$M-?LQM:#0=COMZ?]\QP/MHUHLG &:

M=\:OSZXU1WGGOKRR[&E

LYQMP\!
M.CW7ID\




MA=HW@\8

M'OL!4#R-WY+_%

M[:G



2JJW*2/9C7*

@WA#(@DZI.D.!U5EF:(9WG3(&1(4Z/NSR:;6F]Q
MF(K7SX-33IC$O%%.921-!$M(18G*?7;3C;9OWJH6BH8CX7+R 0=A4E
G(XJ
M/S/$LX0TE:C.I_LZ

M%


TA
MHAN3B:VD



MD)8251QU8=_:IK

M;)S0J+)PF4E649CDQ*BH\I
^FB6DJ$351NWQNHZ.+]:@'3 ZSL7CM&05A4E1
6<'F:HJ<PR4K24V5LQKB6D+82

MV!S$&X5)U%*81


]F/)J^H.NMU
\U3MQR@F3DC?*J72DB6 )J2A1=5&O7NOWM+TW
M0(XS7Z;Y2-10V&2
JZARDSJ6):0GA)5%BU-^&^CCCA_O^N;=?$FBR;H*$R*




8]^+ME
MPB4KC;+I&VBLBJ!\T2XA%26J+*HNP&_-/0SA*O
G)=/#&?BK9F2JJDP24S6
M5&5PYMB6D+X252--)^

096?M)%DGYI_DZ@ZJ=7?3=8.[$4_O]D6;2$W4DM64YPTQ:NI





M$M)5H@JD=:/^
D'+JKK:3JL)EZ@$_81)T:A^*CDIXUA6DI4=?32!^O%N3^

N-0E

HO
MYX[N1\W8U:#H8 KJ)!5%8]
2JJ!*6/9@DI*E&547UXGJPWG)H3U]!&XB4H

M$E)6HFJCG58?&[OEZ+@
M-QQLCN(M-$9649BTQ*BHDI
^FB6DJ$350X?+(FR'SF$%.[M'!R%7KT]64YA4

NF*55
F:):(EI*I$
M%4;[BZ?@?^ 
OM?-O#%Y%G#ESC1%A4E9HJ(J;;-&MH34E:@Z=& _\[-WM/2
M[716PF4L03]A$C6JG\I/RCBR3\M_2E1IU'; K\'+05NIH
&7VKB+6:4H*
P
MZ8G34:5HAGB6D*8251U-3GVTZ!-T%OQ=:P[AGZ_Y6J:HL(D+%%1E;59(UM
MZDI4C31TPP#ZK?LT






M_5:63DP+58C=E05%^3#=0'5

RO%+1\Q=E7).9V0V:FE*=90S<WWPV5Y6





MT%6


 Q GJB-Q^O'-L63



P\:PA/EUG6:L]D
MMH\1Z%S%9&!D&


M

\




6V X<)!-'<LN#@*)ZXT FWED8V%FNV/!!8Q=)OFP:'
M8H_XXZGNH3) R*QKR8+05B?
SX']I/B[Y1(P2'PA



M*;

Z
M#</R<=A_N__4$L! A0#%     @ 3UM?2['!Y(5!]P  'G4- !
M     ( !     &%L;BTR
#$V
3(S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !/6U]+UPT.
MCZ8[   /A@
 $               @ %O]P  86QN+3(P
38Q
C
Q+GAS9%!+
_9'8  $:8
M0 4                2E& 0!A;&XM,C Q-C$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( $];7TN$Q/=]W3<! :L%@ 4                ;^\ 0!A;&XM
M,C Q-C$R,S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $];7TLHEU%Q'D  $O@ 4

