

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001530950-15-000278
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20150930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20151125
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20151125
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Post Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001530950
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				453355106
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35305
		FILM NUMBER:		151255468
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-644-7600
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2503 S. HANLEY ROAD
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63144












		


Washington
For the fiscal year ended September&#160;30
POST HOLDINGS
2503 S. Hanley Road
 St. Louis
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
New York Stock Exchange
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
The aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31
 2015
 the last day of the registrant&#8217;s second quarter
 was $2
421
540
Number of shares of Common Stock
 $.01 par value
 outstanding as of November 16
 2015: 62
080
Certain portions of the registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement for its annual meeting of shareholders
 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after September&#160;30
 2015
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
Forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of Section&#160;27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)
 and Section&#160;21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 are made throughout this report. These forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by the use of terms and phrases such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;project
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;aim
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; or similar expressions elsewhere in this report. Our results of operations and financial condition may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on management&#8217;s current views and assumptions
our high leverage and substantial debt
our ability to service our outstanding debt or obtain additional financing
our ability to identify and complete acquisitions
changes in our cost structure
 management
significant volatility in the costs of certain raw materials
 commodities
our ability to maintain competitive pricing
allegations that our products cause injury or illness
labor strikes
legal and regulatory factors
 including advertising and labeling laws
the ultimate impact litigation may have on us
our ability to recognize the expected benefits of the closing of our Boise
 Idaho and Farmers Branch
 Texas manufacturing facilities as well as our Parsippany
our ability to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
changes in weather conditions
 natural disasters
You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee that the future results
 levels of activity
 performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. Moreover
Post Holdings
 Inc. is a Missouri corporation incorporated on September 22
 2011. Our principal executive offices are located at 2503 S. Hanley Road
 St. Louis
 Missouri 63144.  We are a consumer packaged goods holding company
 operating in the center-of-the-store
 foodservice
 ingredient
 refrigerated
Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates
 all references in this Form 10-K to &#8220;Post
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;we&#8221; mean Post Holdings
On February 3
 2012
 Post completed its legal separation via a tax free spin-off (the &#8220;Spin-Off&#8221;) from Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc. (Ralcorp was subsequently acquired by ConAgra Foods
 Inc. on January 29
 2013). On February 6
 2012
 Post common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol &#8220;POST.&#8221;  In 2012
 we had a single operating segment
 our Post Foods branded ready-to-eat (&#8220;RTE&#8221;) cereal business. As a result of acquisitions
: Comprised of MFI Holding Corporation (&#8220;Michael Foods&#8221;)
 the October 2015 acquisition of Willamette Egg Farms (&#8220;WEF&#8221;) and Dakota Growers Pasta Company
 Inc. (&#8220;Dakota Growers&#8221;) and produces value-added egg products
 refrigerated potato products and cheese and other dairy case products as well as pasta for the the foodservice
:  Includes the protein shakes
 bars and powders and nutritional supplement businesses of Premier Nutrition Corporation (&#8220;PNC&#8221;) and Dymatize Enterprises
 LLC (&#8220;Dymatize&#8221;)
:  Includes the businesses of Golden Boy Foods Ltd. (&#8220;Golden Boy&#8221;) and American Blanching Company (&#8220;ABC&#8221;)
 which produce private label peanut and other nut butters
 as well as dried fruits and snacking nuts
 and provides peanut blanching
 granulation and roasting services for the commercial peanut industry
 as well as the business of Attune Foods
 LLC
 which produces premium natural and organic granola
Financial segment information for the four reportable segments for fiscal 2015 is contained in this Annual Report.  &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 which we refer to as MD&amp;A
Additional information about us
 including our Form 10
 Forms 10-K
 Forms 10-Q
 Forms 8-K
 other securities filings (and amendments thereto)
 press releases and other important announcements
 is available at our website at www.postholdings.com or the Security and Exchange Commission&#8217;s (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) website at www.sec.gov (for securities filings only). These documents can be printed free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after their electronic filing with the SEC. Our Corporate Governance Guidelines
 Global Standards of Business Conduct
 Director Code of Ethics
 and the charters of the Audit and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees of our board of directors are also available on our website
 from which they can be printed free of charge. All of these documents are also available to shareholders at no charge upon request sent to our corporate secretary (2503 S. Hanley Road
 St. Louis
 Missouri 63144-2503
Post Consumer Brands includes the Post Foods and MOM Brands cereal businesses and manufactures
 markets and sells branded and private label RTE cereal products. The RTE cereal category has been one of the most prominent categories in the food industry. According to Nielsen&#8217;s expanded All Outlets Combined (xAOC) information
 the category was approximately $8.7 billion for the 52-week period ended October 24
 2015. We have leveraged the strength of our brands
 category expertise
 and over a century of institutional knowledge to create a diverse portfolio of cereals.  Post Consumer Brands is the third largest seller of RTE cereals in the United States with an 18.2% share of retail dollar sales and a 21.0% share of retail pound sales for the 52-week period ended October 24
 2015
 based on Nielsen&#8217;s xAOC information. Nielsen&#8217;s xAOC is representative of food
 drug and mass merchandisers (including Walmart)
 some club retailers (including Sam&#8217;s Club&#160;&amp; BJs)
 some dollar retailers (including Dollar General
 Family Dollar&#160;&amp; Dollar Tree) and military. Our brands include&#160;
 the fourth largest brand of RTE cereal in the United States with a 4.6% xAOC dollar market share for the 52-week period ended October 24
 2015
 as well as&#160;
&#160;
&#160;

&#160;

&#160;
&#160;
Bits
&#160;Shreddies
 Malt-O-Meal
 Farina
Through our Michael Foods Group segment
 we produce and/or distribute egg products
 refrigerated potato products
 cheese and other dairy case products and pasta products. Our egg products business produces and distributes numerous egg products under the&#160;




s
&#32;brands
 among others. Through this business
 we operate 13 egg products production facilities located in the United States and Canada
 some of which are fully integrated
 from the production and maintenance of laying flocks through the processing of egg products.  Refrigerated potato products are marketed under a variety of brands
 including
&#160;Farm Fresh
business maintains a main processing facility in Minnesota
&#160;brand
 and other trademarks include
.   Through this business
 we operate a cheese packaging facility in Lake Mills
 Wisconsin
&#160;brand and for various private label customers.  Our pasta business
 Dakota Growers
 has vertically integrated durum wheat milling and pasta production capabilities and produces over 150 different shapes of pasta products at two manufacturing plants. We sell products to the foodservice
 food ingredient
 retail grocery and private label markets. Our major customers include foodservice distributors
Our Active Nutrition segment markets and distributes premium protein beverages
 bars
&#160;Premier Protein
&#160;Dymatize
&#32;brands
&#32;brand. Our active nutrition products are primarily sold in club
 grocery
Our Private Brands segment manufactures and distributes organic and conventional private label peanut butter and other nut butters
 baking nuts
 raisins and other dried fruit
 and trail mixes
 with sales to grocery retailers
 food ingredient and foodservice channels primarily in the United States and Canada. We also co-manufacture peanut butter and other nut butters for national brands
 private label retail and industrial markets. Our Private Brands business also provides peanut blanching
Our Private Brands segment also includes the business of Attune Foods. Through this business we manufacture and market branded premium natural and organic cereals and snacks
&#160;high fiber cereals


&#160;brands as well as a private label granola business. Attune Foods&#8217; products are largely sold through the natural/specialty channels
 as well as in the bulk foods section of both conventional and natural/specialty retailers. Our manufacturing facility in Eugene
 Oregon provides us the ability to manufacture a wide variety of product and package formats. Additionally
Each of our businesses has developed marketing strategies specific to each product line that emphasize high quality products and customer service.  For certain of our products
 we have consumer-targeted marketing campaigns
 which include television
 digital and print advertisements
 coupon offers
 co-marketing arrangements with complementary consumer product companies and co-op advertising with select retail customers.  We also use traditional outdoor
 print and digital advertising and social media
Our Post Consumer Brands segment sells products primarily through an internal sales staff and broker organizations. We also occasionally sell Post Consumer Brands products to military
 internet and foodservice channels and may utilize broker
 distribution or similar arrangements for sales of Post Consumer Brands products outside the United States.  Our Michael Foods Group segment aligns its sales and marketing efforts by distribution channel
 with a dedicated team for each of the foodservice
broker network. Our Private Brands segment primarily sells its products through internal sales staff and broker organizations
Our research and development efforts span our business segments. These capabilities extend to ingredients
 grains and packaging technologies; new product and process development
 as well as analytical support; bench-top and pilot plant capabilities; and research support to operations. We incurred expenses of approximately 
September&#160;30
 2015
 
 respectively
Raw materials used in our businesses consist of ingredients and packaging materials. The principal ingredients for most of our businesses are agricultural commodities
 including wheat
 oats
 other grain products
 vegetable oils
 fruits
 peanuts
 almonds and other tree nuts
 dairy and soy based proteins
 cocoa
 corn syrup and sugar.  We also buy significant amounts of grain to feed layer hens.  Additionally
 the principal ingredients for the Michael Foods business are eggs
 potatoes
 cheese and other dairy products. The principal packaging materials are linerboard cartons
 corrugated boxes
 plastic containers
We purchase raw materials from local
 regional
 national and international suppliers. With respect to our Michael Foods Group segment
 a portion of the division&#8217;s egg needs are satisfied by production from our own hens
 with the balance being purchased under third-party egg procurement contracts and in the spot market.  Certain of our segments
 such as the Post Consumer Brands and Private Brands segments
 identify raw material sources to ensure that its products meet the standards and certification requirements for non-GMO
Supply and prices paid for raw materials can fluctuate widely due to weather conditions
 feed costs
 labor disputes
 government policies and regulations
 industry consolidation
 economic climate
 energy shortages
 transportation delays
 commodity market prices
 currency fluctuations and other unforeseen circumstances
 such as avian influenza which could affect the domestic poultry industry and our egg supply.  We continuously monitor worldwide supply and cost trends of these raw materials to enable us to take appropriate action to obtain ingredients and packaging needed for production. Although the prices of the principal raw materials can be expected to fluctuate
Cereal processing ovens and most of the Michael Foods production facilities are generally fueled by natural gas or propane
 which are obtained from local utilities or other local suppliers. Electricity and steam (generated in on-site
 gas-fired boilers) are also used in our processing facilities. Short-term standby propane storage exists at several plants for use in the event of an interruption in natural gas supplies. Oil may also be used to fuel certain operations at various plants in the event of natural gas shortages or when its use presents economic advantages. In addition
 considerable amounts of diesel fuel are used in connection with the distribution of our products.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Honeycomb
 Golden Puffs
 Cinnamon Toasters
 Fruity Dyno-Bites
 Cocoa Dyno-Bites
 Berry Colossal Crunch
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 and the key trademarks for our Private Brands segment are 
 
 
Certain of our products
&#32;products
 are sold under trademarks that have been licensed from a third party pursuant to a long-term license agreement that covers the sale of such branded cereal products in the United States
Similarly
 we own several patents in North America. While our patent portfolio as a whole is material to our business
 no one patent or group of related patents is material to our business. In addition
 we have proprietary trade secrets
 technology
 know-how processes
Demand for certain of our products may be influenced by holidays
 changes in seasons or other events.  For example
 demand for our egg products
 cheese and snacking and baking nuts tends to increase during the holiday season
A description of our working capital practices is included in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of MD&amp;A in Item&#160;7 of this report. Receipts from goods sold
 supplemented as required by borrowings
We sell Post Consumer Brands products primarily to grocery
 mass merchandise
 supercenters
 club store and drug store customers. We also sell to military
 internet and foodservice channels. Our Michael Foods Group&#8217;s primary customers include foodservice distributors
 national restaurant chains
 retail grocery stores and major food processors.  Our Active Nutrition segment&#8217;s customers are predominately warehouse club stores
 grocery stores
 drug stores
 convenient stores and supplement stores. Our Private Brands segment&#8217;s products are sold to grocery store
Our largest customer
 Walmart
 accounted for approximately 10% of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2015.&#160; No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our fiscal 2015 consolidated net sales
 but certain of our segments depend on sales to large customers. &#160;For example
 the largest customer of our Post Consumer Brands segment
 Walmart
 accounted for approximately 27% of Post Consumer Brands&#8217; net sales in fiscal 2015.  Additionally
 the largest customers of our Michael Foods Group segment
 Sysco and US Foods
 accounted for approximately 14% and 12%
 respectively
 of the segment&#8217;s net sales in fiscal 2015
 and the largest customers of our Active Nutrition business
 Costco and Sam&#8217;s Club
 accounted for approximately 27% and 12%
 respectively
 of the Active Nutrition segment&#8217;s net sales in fiscal 2015.  The largest customers of our Private Brands segment
 Whole Foods and Trader Joe&#8217;s
 accounted for approximately 15% and 11%
 respectively
September&#160;30
 2015
 
 sales to locations outside of the United States were approximately 9%
 13% and 14% of total net sales
For fiscal year 2015
&#32;business
The consumer foods industry is highly competitive
 and the food categories in which we participate are also very competitive and highly sensitive to both pricing and promotion. Many of our principal competitors in these categories may have substantially more financial
 marketing and other resources. Competition is based on product quality
 price
 effective promotional activities
 and the ability to identify and satisfy dynamic
 emerging consumer preferences. Our principal strategies for competing in each of our segments include effective customer relationship management
 category insights
 superior product quality and food safety
 product innovation
 an efficient supply chain and price. In addition
 in many of our product categories
 we compete not only with widely advertised branded products
We are subject to regulation by federal
 state
 local and foreign governmental entities and agencies. Our activities in Canada and Germany are subject to regulations similar to those applicable to our business in the United States. As a producer and distributor of goods for human consumption
 our operations must comply with stringent production
 storage
 distribution
 labeling and marketing standards administered by the Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 Department of Commerce and Federal Trade Commission in the United States as well as similar regulatory agencies in Canada and Germany. Products that do not meet regulatory standards may be considered to be adulterated and/or misbranded and subject to recall.  Additionally
 following the recent adoption of the Food Safety Modernization Act
 the FDA is developing additional regulations focused on prevention of food contamination
 more frequent inspection of high-risk facilities
Certain egg products produced by our Michael Foods Group segment are under the jurisdiction of U.S. Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;) regulations regarding quality
 labeling and sanitary control
 rather than FDA regulations. The Michael Foods egg products division processing plants that break eggs
 and some of our other egg-processing operations
 are subject to continuous on-site USDA inspection. Our other facilities are subject to periodic inspection by the USDA
 FDA and/or state regulatory authorities
Our facilities
 like those of similar businesses
 are subject to certain safety regulations including regulations issued pursuant to the U.S.&#160;Occupational Safety and Health Act in the United States and similar regulatory agencies in Canada and Germany. These regulations require us to comply with certain manufacturing safety standards to protect our employees from accidents.  Additionally
Our operations are also subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters
 including air quality
 wastewater discharge and pretreatment
 storm water
 waste handling and disposal
 and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. In the United States
 the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act
the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Our foreign facilities are subject to regulations similar to those applicable to us in the United States.  We have made
 and will continue to make
We have approximately 8
500 employees as of November 1
 2015
 of which approximately 7
750 are in the United States
 approximately 620 are in Canada and approximately 125 are located in other jurisdictions
 including Germany. Currently
 approximately 13% of our employees are unionized.  We have entered into several collective bargaining agreements on terms that we believe are typical for the industries in which we operate. Most of the unionized workers at our facilities are represented under contracts which expire at various times throughout the next several years. As these agreements expire
The section below provides information regarding our executive officers as of November 17
 2015: 
 age 81
 has served as our Executive Chairman since November 2014.  Previously
 Mr. Stiritz served as the Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer from February 2012 until November 1
 2014. Prior to joining Post
 Mr. Stiritz served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc. from 1994 until February 2012. 
 age 49
 has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since November 2014.  Previously
 Mr. Vitale served as our Chief Financial Officer from October 2011 until November 1
 2014. He previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of AHM Financial Group
 LLC
 a diversified provider of insurance brokerage and wealth management services from 2006 until 2011. 
age 59
 has served as our Executive Vice President and President and CEO
 Private Brands since November 2015.  Previously
 Mr. Koulouris served as our Executive Vice President and President and CEO
 Post Foods Group from February 2015 until November 2015.  From January 2014 until joining Post in February 2015
 Mr. Koulouris was not engaged in any professional activities as the result of a non-compete agreement with his prior employer. Prior to joining Post and until January 2014
 Mr. Koulouris served as Vice President and President of the Ralcorp Food Group of ConAgra Foods
 Inc.
 which acquired Ralcorp in January 2013.  From 2003 until the acquisition of Ralcorp in January 2013
 Mr. Koulouris served in various senior roles at Ralcorp
 most recently as Corporate Vice President and President of Ralcorp Snacks
James E. Dwyer
 Jr.
 age 57
 has served as Executive Vice President and President and CEO
 Michael Foods Group since November 2014.  Previously
 Mr. Dwyer served as the President and CEO of our Michael Foods business since June 2014
 when Post acquired Michael Foods. Prior to the acquisition
 Mr. Dwyer served as the Chief Executive Officer of Michael Foods since October 2009 and its Chairman since July 2013.
 age 54
 has served as our President and CEO
 Post Consumer Brands since May 2015
 when Post acquired MOM Brands Company. From 2001 until the acquisition
 Mr. Neugent served in various roles at MOM Brands Company
 most recently as Chairman and CEO.
 age 50
 has served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since November 2014.  Previously
 Mr. Zadoks served as our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer from January 2014 until November 1
 2014
 and also our Corporate Controller since October 2011.  Prior to joining Post
 Mr. Zadoks served as Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer at RehabCare Group
 Inc.
 a leading provider of post-acute care in hospitals and skilled nursing facilities
 from February 2010 to September 2011
 and as Vice President and Corporate Controller of RehabCare Group from December 2003 until January 2010.  
 age 37
 has served as our Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer
 as well as our Corporate Secretary
 since November 2011.  Previously
 Ms. Gray served as our Legal and Corporate Secretary from December 2011 until September 2012 when she became our Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary.  Prior to joining Post
 Ms. Gray served as Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary at MEMC Electronic Materials
 Inc. (now SunEdison
 Inc.)
We make available free of charge through our website (www.postholdings.com) reports we file with the SEC
 including our annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site containing these reports and proxy and information statements at http://www.sec.gov. Any materials we file can be read and copied online at that site or at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549
In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report
 the following risks and uncertainties could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operation
The food and beverage industry is highly competitive. Our competitors may have substantial financial
 marketing and other resources. Increased competition can reduce our sales due to loss of market share or the need to reduce prices to respond to competitive and customer pressures. In most product categories
 we compete not only with widely advertised branded products
 but also with private label and store brand products. A strong competitive response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts
 or a shift in consumer preferences to competitors&#8217; products
 could result in us reducing pricing
Consumer preferences evolve over time. The success of our food products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences
 including concerns of consumers regarding health and wellness
 obesity
 product attributes and ingredients
 including carbohydrate content and processed ingredients. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences
 or we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and our strategy to grow sales and profits with investments in marketing and innovation will be less successful. Similarly
We continuously evaluate and may in the future enter into additional strategic transactions. Any such transaction could happen at any time
 could be material to our business and could take any number of forms
 including
 for example
 an acquisition
 investment or merger
 for cash or in exchange for our equity securities
Evaluating potential transactions
 including divestitures
 and integrating businesses after completion of an acquisition requires additional expenditures (including legal
 accounting and due diligence expenses
 higher administrative costs to support the acquired entities
 information technology
 personnel and other integration expenses) and may divert the attention of our management from ordinary operating matters. The success of these potential transactions will depend
 in part
 on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies through the successful integration of the businesses we acquire with our existing businesses. Even if we are successful in integrating acquired businesses
 we cannot assure you that these integrations will result in the realization of the full benefit of any anticipated growth opportunities or cost synergies or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. In addition
Our corporate development activities may present financial and operational risks
 including integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems
 and may have adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers. Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities
 the incurrence of debt
 contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses
The willingness of consumers to purchase our products depends in part on general or local economic conditions. In periods of economic uncertainty
 consumers may purchase less of our products and may forego certain purchases altogether. In those circumstances
 we could experience a reduction in sales of our products. In addition
 as a result of economic conditions or competitive actions
The primary commodities used by our businesses include wheat
 semolina
 nuts
 sugar
 edible oils
 corn
 oats
 cocoa
 milk and soy based protein. The supply and price of these ingredients are subject to market conditions and are influenced by many factors beyond our control
 including weather patterns affecting ingredient production
 governmental programs and regulations
 insects
 and plant diseases. Our primary packaging includes linerboard cartons
 corrugated boxes
 plastic bags and liners
 and flexible beverage packaging. In addition
of such commodities may fluctuate widely and we may experience shortages in commodity items as a result of commodity market fluctuations
 availability
 increased demand
 weather conditions and natural disasters
 as well as other factors outside of our control. Higher prices for natural gas
 electricity and fuel may also increase our production and delivery costs. Changes in the prices charged for our products may lag behind changes in our energy and commodity costs. Accordingly
 changes in commodity or energy costs may limit our ability to maintain existing margins and have a material adverse effect on our operating profits. Competitive pressures often limit our ability to increase prices in response to higher input costs. If we fail to hedge and prices subsequently increase
 or if we institute a hedge and prices subsequently decrease
 our costs may be greater than anticipated or greater than our competitors&#8217; costs
Michael Foods&#8217; operating results are significantly affected by egg
 potato and cheese prices and the prices of corn and soybean meal
 which are the primary grains fed to laying hens. Historically
 the prices of these raw materials have fluctuated widely. In addition
 the Michael Foods cheese and butter products are affected by milk price supports established by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). Although steps can be taken to mitigate the effects of changes in raw material costs
 fluctuations in prices are outside the control of the Michael Foods business
 and changes in the price of such items may have a material adverse effect on the Michael Foods business
 prospects
Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could negatively impact our net worth. If our goodwill
 indefinite-lived intangible assets or other long-term assets become impaired
 we will be required to record additional impairment charges
Our balance sheet includes a significant amount of intangible assets
 including goodwill
 trademarks
 trade names and other acquired intangibles. Intangibles and goodwill expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but our management reviews them for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may be impaired. Impairments to intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures
 lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates
 changes in industry EBITDA and revenue multiples
 changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates
 etc.) or the bankruptcy of a significant customer. These factors
 along with other internal and external factors
 could negatively impact our net worth and could have a significant impact on our fair valuation determination
 which could then result in a material impairment charge in our results of operations.  During fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014
Many of our costs
 such as raw materials
 energy and freight
 are outside our control. Therefore
 we must seek to reduce costs in other areas
 such as through operating efficiency. If we are not able to complete projects designed to reduce costs and increase operating efficiency on time or within budget
 our operating profits may be adversely impacted. In addition
 if the cost-saving initiatives we have implemented or any future cost-saving initiatives do not generate the expected cost savings and synergies
Our Active Nutrition and Michael Foods products are subject to a higher level of regulatory scrutiny
Our products and operations are subject to the laws and regulations of the federal Food and Drug Administration (which we refer to as FDA)
 the USDA
 and other applicable laws and regulations. Some of our Active Nutrition products are regulated by the FDA as dietary supplements
 which are subject to different FDA regulations and levels of regulatory scrutiny. Certain of Michael Foods&#8217; products
 specifically the egg products
 are also subject to higher scrutiny by the FDA and the USDA
 as well as continuous on-site inspections. It is also possible that federal
 state or foreign enforcement authorities might take regulatory or enforcement action
 which could result in significant fines or penalties. If we are found to be significantly out of compliance
 the FDA could issue a warning letter and/or institute enforcement actions that could result in substantial delays in production or even a temporary shutdown in manufacturing and product sales while the non-conformances are rectified. Also
 we may have to recall products and temporarily cease their manufacture and distribution
Our ability to raise prices for our products may be adversely affected by a number of factors
 including but not limited to industry supply
 market demand and promotional activity by competitors. If we are unable to increase prices for our products as may be necessary to cover cost increases
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition
 price increases typically generate lower sales volumes as customers purchase fewer units. If these losses are greater than expected or if we lose distribution as a result of a price increase
A limited number of customer accounts represents a large percentage of our consolidated net sales.  Our largest customer
 Walmart
.  Walmart is also the largest customer of our Post Consumer Brands segment
 accounting for approximately 27% of Post Consumer Brands&#8217; net sales in fiscal 2015.  Additionally
 the largest customers of our Michael Foods Group segment
 Sysco and US Foods
 accounted for approximately 14% and 12%
 respectively
 of its net sales in fiscal 2015
 and the largest customers of our Active Nutrition segment
 Costco and Sam&#8217;s Club
 accounted for approximately 27% and 12%
 respectively
The largest customers of our Private Brands segment
 Whole Foods and Trader Joe&#8217;s
 accounted for approximately 15% and 11%
 respectively
The success of our businesses depends
 in part
 on our ability to maintain our level of sales and product distribution through high-volume food distributors
 retailers
 super centers and mass merchandisers. The competition to supply products to these high-volume stores is intense. Currently
 we do not have long-term supply agreements with a substantial number of our retail customers
 including our largest customers. These high-volume stores and mass merchandisers frequently reevaluate the products they carry. A decision by our major customers to decrease the amount of merchandise purchased from us
 sell a national brand on an exclusive basis or change the manner of doing business with us could reduce our revenues and materially adversely affect our results of operations. In the event of a loss of any of our large customers
 or the bankruptcy or serious financial difficulty of any of our large customers
Over the past several years
 the retail grocery and foodservice industries have undergone significant consolidations and mass merchandisers are gaining market share. As this trend continues and such customers grow larger
 they may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased reliance on their own brand name products
 increased emphasis on generic and other value brands and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to respond to these requirements
 our profitability or volume growth could be negatively impacted. Additionally
 if the surviving entity is not a customer
Our Post Consumer Brands segment operates in the mature ready-to-eat (RTE) cereal market
Our Post Consumer Brands segment produces and distributes branded
 licensed and private label RTE and hot cereals
 selling products to grocery stores
 big box retailers
 and foodservice distributors across the United States
 Puerto Rico
 Canada
 Mexico
 and the Caribbean. The RTE cereal category has experienced weakness in recent years
 and we expect this trend to continue. Continuing weaknesses in the RTE category
 or the weakening of our major products competing in this category
If our products become adulterated
 misbranded or mislabeled or become contaminated
Selling food products and nutritional supplements involves a number of legal and other risks
 including product contamination
 spoilage
 product tampering
 allergens or other adulteration. Additionally
 many of the inputs used to make certain of our products
 particularly eggs
 raw potatoes and peanuts
 are vulnerable to contamination by pathogens
 naturally occurring disease-producing organisms
 such as salmonella. We may need to recall some or all of our products if they become adulterated
 mislabeled or misbranded. This could result in destruction of product inventory
 negative publicity
 temporary plant closings
 substantial costs of compliance or remediation and increased scrutiny by federal and state regulatory agencies. Should consumption of any product cause injury
 we may be liable for monetary damages as a result of a judgment against us. In addition
 adverse publicity
 including claims
 whether or not valid
 that our products or ingredients are unsafe or of poor quality may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Any of these events
 including a significant product liability claim against us
 could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our food products. This could have an adverse effect on our financial condition
We are
 or may become
 party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business
 which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 false or deceptive advertising
employment matters
 environmental matters or other aspects of our business. In addition
 we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to injunctions or other equitable remedies
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows or results of operations. The outcome of litigation is often difficult to predict
 and the outcome of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our financial position
In addition to ordinary course of business litigation risk
 Michael Foods is currently subject to a lawsuit alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale of shell eggs and egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. If Michael Foods cannot resolve this matter favorably
 it could be subject to (i)&#160;monetary damages and/or (ii)&#160;injunctive relief. If injunctive relief were to be granted
 depending on its scope
 it could affect the manner in which Michael Foods operates. The defense of these actions and any other actions brought in the future
 is time consuming and diverts management&#8217;s attention. Even if Michael Foods is ultimately successful in defending such matters
 Michael Foods is likely to incur significant fees
While we have various insurance programs in place
 the potential liabilities associated with these litigation matters
 or those that could arise in the future
 could be excluded from coverage or
 if covered
 could exceed the coverage provided by such programs. In addition
 insurance carriers may seek to rescind or deny coverage with respect to pending or future claims or lawsuits. If we do not have sufficient coverage under our policies
 or if coverage is denied
 we may be required to make material payments to settle litigation or satisfy any judgment. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our business
Disruption of our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our business
In coordination with our suppliers
 business partners and contract manufacturers
 our ability to make
 move and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our collective manufacturing or distribution capabilities resulting from weather
 any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 disease
 fire or explosion
 terrorism
 pandemics
 strikes
 repairs or enhancements at our facilities
 or other reasons
 could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations
Our business relies on independent third parties for the manufacture of many products
 such as protein bars
 shakes and powders and certain cereal and granola products. The business could be materially affected if we fail to develop or maintain our relationships with these third parties
 if these parties fail to comply with governmental regulations applicable to the manufacturing of our products
 or if any of these third parties ceases doing business with us or goes out of business. Additionally
 we cannot be certain that we will not experience operational difficulties with these third-party manufacturers
 such as increases in manufacturing costs
 reductions in the availability of production capacity
 errors in complying with merchandise specifications
 insufficient quality control and failure to meet production deadlines. The inability of a third party manufacturer to ship orders in a timely manner
 in desirable quantities or to meet our safety
We manufacture and market certain of our products in the United States
 Canada and several other locations pursuant to intellectual property license agreements. These licenses give us the right to use certain names
 characters and logos in connection with our products and to sell the products in certain regions. If we were to breach any material term of these license agreements and not timely cure the breach
 the licensor could terminate the agreement. If the licensor were to terminate our rights to use the names
 characters and logos for this or any other reason
Global capital and credit market issues could negatively affect our liquidity
U.S. and global credit markets have
 from time to time
 experienced significant dislocations and liquidity disruptions which caused the spreads on prospective debt financings to widen considerably. These circumstances materially impacted liquidity in the debt markets
 making financing terms for borrowers less attractive and in certain cases resulted in the unavailability of certain types of debt financing. Events affecting the credit markets have also had an adverse effect on other financial markets in the U.S.
 which may make it more difficult or costly for us to raise capital through the issuance of common stock or other equity securities or refinance our existing debt
 sell our assets or borrow more money if necessary. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the general economy. Any of these risks could impair our ability to fund our operations or limit our ability to expand our business or increase our interest expense
We have operations and assets in the United States as well as foreign jurisdictions
 and a portion of our contracts and revenues are denominated in foreign currencies. Our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars. We therefore must translate our foreign assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses into U.S. dollars at applicable exchange rates. Consequently
 fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies may negatively affect the value of these items in our consolidated financial statements. To the extent we fail to manage our foreign currency exposure adequately
 we may suffer losses in value of our net foreign currency investment
Violations of laws or regulations
 as well as new laws or regulations or changes to existing laws or regulations
The food production and marketing industry is subject to a variety of federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations
 including food safety requirements related to the ingredients
 manufacturing
 processing
 storage
 marketing
 advertising
 labeling and distribution of our products as well as those related to worker health and workplace safety. Our activities
 both in and outside of the United States
 are subject to extensive regulation. In the U.S. we are regulated by
 among other federal and state authorities
 the FDA
 the USDA
 U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the U.S. Departments of Commerce and Labor. We are also regulated by similar authorities abroad. Governmental regulations also affect taxes and levies
 healthcare costs
 energy usage
 immigration and other labor issues
 any and/or all of which may have a direct or indirect effect on our business or those of our customers or suppliers. In addition
 because we market and advertise our products
 we could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state and foreign laws and regulations and may be subject to initiatives to limit or prohibit the marketing and advertising of our products to children. Changes in these laws or regulations or the introduction of new laws or regulations could increase the costs of doing business for us or our customers or suppliers or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. As a specific example
 possible new laws in the future
 similar to legislation that has been introduced in various state legislatures
 could require us to alter hen cage sizes. Further
 if we are found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these areas
 we could be subject to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions or recalls
 as well as potential criminal sanctions
As a publicly traded company
 we are subject to changing rules and regulations of federal and state government
 as well as the stock exchange on which our common stock is listed. These entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange
We may not be able to operate successfully if we lose key personnel
We are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. If we lose one or more members of our senior management team
 or if we fail to attract new employees
 our business and financial position
Changes in weather conditions
Changes in weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes
 hurricanes
 tornadoes
 fires or pestilence
 may affect the cost and supply of commodities and raw materials
 including grains
 eggs
 potatoes
 tree nuts
 corn syrup and sugar. Additionally
 these events can result in reduced supplies of raw materials and longer recoveries of usable raw materials. Competing manufacturers can be affected differently by weather conditions and natural disasters depending on the location of their suppliers and operations. Failure to take adequate steps to reduce the likelihood or mitigate the potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
Many of our business activities are subject to a variety of agricultural risks
 including disease and pests which can adversely affect the quality and quantity of the raw materials we use
 as well as the food products we produce and distribute. Any actual or potential contamination of our products could result in product recalls
 market withdrawals
 safety alerts
 cessation of manufacturing and/or distribution or
 if we fail to comply with applicable FDA or USDA requirements
Avian influenza occasionally affects the domestic poultry industry
 leading to hen deaths. In the spring of 2015
and third party contracted flock.&#160;As a result of this outbreak
 we estimated that the total affected egg supply was approximately 25% of our annualized egg volume commitments.&#160;Although we utilize biosecurity measures at our layer locations to protect against disease exposures
 if our facilities are exposed to diseases and pests
 such exposure could affect a substantial portion of our production facilities in any year and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 prospects
Some of our full-time production and maintenance employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. A dispute with a union or employees represented by a union could result in production interruptions caused by work stoppages. If a strike or work stoppage were to occur
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition
 we could be subject to unionization efforts at our non-union facilities. Increased unionization of our workforce could lead to disruptions in our business
In the event of a work stoppage
 we have contingency plans in place to manufacture products in other locations to mitigate disruption to the business. However
 there are limitations inherent in any plan to mitigate disruption to our business in the event of a work stoppage and
 particularly in the case of a prolonged work stoppage
With approximately 8
500 employees
 our profitability is substantially affected by costs of medical and other health and welfare benefits for these employees as well as certain former employees. These costs can vary substantially as a result of changes in health care laws
 costs and experience. These factors may increase the cost of providing medical and other employee health and welfare benefits. We can provide no assurance that we will succeed in limiting future cost increases. If we do not succeed
We may experience losses or be subject to increased funding and expenses to our qualified pension and other post-retirement plans
We maintain qualified defined benefit plans in the United States and Canada for our Post Foods business
 and we are obligated to ensure that these plans are funded or paid in accordance with applicable regulations. In the event the assets in which we invest do not perform according to expectations
 or the valuation of the projected benefit obligation increases due to changes in interest rates or other factors
We are increasingly dependent on information technology networks and systems
 including the internet
 to process
 transmit
 and store electronic and financial information
 to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities
 and to comply with regulatory
 legal
 and tax requirements. We increasingly rely on information technology systems to process
 transmit and store electronic information. For example
 our production and distribution facilities and inventory management utilize information technology to increase efficiencies and limit costs. Furthermore
 a significant portion of the communications between our personnel
 customers and suppliers depends on information technology. Our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including
 but not limited to
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and to maintain and protect the related automated and manual control processes
 we could be subject to billing and collection errors
 business disruptions
 or damage resulting from security breaches. If any of our significant information technology systems suffer severe damage
 disruption
 or shutdown
 and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner
 our product sales
 financial condition
 and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected
 and we could experience delays in reporting our financial results. In addition
 there is a risk of business interruption
 litigation risks
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly our trademarks
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 copyrights and licenses
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and the policing of third party misuses of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property rights
 or any change in law or other changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of intellectual property
We face the risk of claims that we have infringed third parties&#8217; intellectual property rights. Any claims of intellectual property infringement
 even those without merit
 could be expensive and time consuming to defend; cause us to cease making
 licensing or using products that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; require us to redesign or rebrand our products or packaging
 if feasible; divert management&#8217;s attention and resources; or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use a third party&#8217;s intellectual property. Any royalty or licensing agreements
 if required
 may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. Additionally
 a successful claim of infringement against us could result in our being required to pay significant damages
 enter into costly license or royalty agreements or stop the sale of certain products
Media outlets
 including new social media platforms
 provide the opportunity for individuals or organizations to publicize inappropriate or inaccurate stories or perceptions about us or the food industry. Such practices have the ability to cause damage to our brands
 the industry generally
We are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment
 including those limiting the discharge and release of pollutants into the environment and those regulating the transport
 use
 treatment
 storage
 disposal and remediation of
 and exposure to
 solid and hazardous wastes and materials. In addition
 our Michael Foods business is subject to particular federal and state environmental requirements governing animal feeding operations involving the management of animal waste
 which have become the subject of increasing regulatory scrutiny. Certain environmental laws and regulations can impose joint and several liability without regard to fault on responsible parties
 including past and present owners and operators of sites
 related to cleaning up sites at which hazardous wastes or materials were disposed or released. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could result in severe fines and penalties by governments or courts of law. In addition
 various current and likely future federal
 state
 local and foreign laws and regulations could regulate the emission of greenhouse gases
 particularly carbon dioxide and methane. We cannot predict the impact that such regulation may have
 or that climate change may otherwise have
Future events
 such as new or more stringent environmental laws and regulations
 any new environmental claims
 the discovery of currently unknown environmental conditions requiring response action or more vigorous enforcement or a new interpretation of existing environmental laws and regulations
As a result of recent acquisitions
 we now have larger operations outside of the United States. We are accordingly subject to a number of risks relating to doing business internationally
restriction on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries
From time to time
 we release guidance regarding our future performance or the expected future performance of companies or businesses that we have agreed to acquire. This guidance
 which consists of forward-looking statements
 is prepared by our management and is qualified by
 and subject to
 the assumptions and the other information contained or referred to in such release and the factors described under &#8220;Forward-Looking Statements&#8221; in our current and periodic reports filed with the SEC. Our guidance is not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
 and neither our independent registered public accounting firm nor any other independent expert or outside party compiles or examines the guidance and
 accordingly
Guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that
 while presented with numerical specificity
 are inherently subject to business
 economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 many of which are beyond our control and are based upon specific assumptions with respect to future business decisions
Guidance is necessarily speculative in nature
 and it can be expected that some or all of the assumptions of the guidance furnished by us will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual results. Accordingly
 our guidance is only an estimate of what management believes is realizable as of the date of release. Actual results will vary from the guidance. Investors should also recognize that the reliability of any forecasted financial data diminishes the farther in the future that the data is forecast. In light of the foregoing
Any failure to successfully implement our operating strategy or the occurrence of any of the events or circumstances set forth in this report could result in actual operating results being different than the guidance
If we are unable to continue to satisfy the requirements of Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 or our internal control over financial reporting is not effective
 the reliability of our financial statements may be questioned
Section&#160;404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires any company subject to the reporting requirements of the U.S.&#160;securities laws to perform a comprehensive evaluation of its and its consolidated subsidiaries&#8217; internal control over financial reporting. To comply with this statute
 we are required to document and test our internal control procedures
 our management is required to assess and issue a report concerning our internal control over financial reporting
The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation
 testing and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards under the rules. During the course of its testing
 our management may identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies which may not be remedied in time to meet the annual deadline imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. If our management cannot favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or our independent registered public accounting firm identifies material weaknesses in our internal controls
 investor confidence in our financial results may weaken
 and our stock price may consequently suffer. As of September&#160;30
 2015
We have recently acquired companies that were not subject to Sarbanes-Oxley regulations and
 therefore
 they may lack the internal controls of a United States public company
We have recently acquired companies that were not previously subject to Sarbanes-Oxley regulations and accordingly were not required to establish and maintain an internal control infrastructure meeting the standards promulgated under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Our assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September&#160;30
&#32;business and MOM Brands Company
 each of which was acquired during our fiscal year ended September 30
 2015 and will be included in our assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year ending September&#160;30
Although our management will continue to review and evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls in light of these acquisitions
 we cannot provide any assurances that there will be no significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Any significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the internal control structure of our acquired businesses may cause significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
The acquisition of MOM Brands involves the combination of two companies that previously operated as independent companies. We are devoting significant management attention and resources to integrating business practices
the challenge of integrating complex systems
 operating procedures
 regulatory compliance programs
 technology
 networks and other assets in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on customers
 suppliers
potential unknown liabilities
 liabilities that are significantly larger than we currently anticipate and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the acquisition
Accordingly
 the contemplated benefits of the acquisition of MOM Brands may not be realized fully
 or at all
Actions of shareholders could cause us to incur substantial costs
 divert management&#8217;s attention and resources
From time to time
 we may be subject to proposals and other requests from shareholders urging us to take certain corporate actions
 including proposals seeking to influence our corporate policies or effecting a change in our management.  In the event of such shareholder proposals
 particularly with respect to matters which our management and Board of Directors
 in exercising their fiduciary duties
 disagree with or have determined not to pursue
 our business could be adversely affected because responding to actions and requests of shareholders can be costly and time-consuming
 disrupting our operations and diverting the attention of management and our employees.&#160; Additionally
 perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may result in the loss of potential business opportunities and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel
We have substantial debt and high leverage
We have a significant amount of debt. We had $4
September&#160;30
Additionally
 our secured revolving credit facility has borrowing capacity of $395.8 million at September 30
limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital
require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt
 thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future investments
 capital expenditures
 working capital
limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 for capital expenditures
 to fund growth or for general corporate purposes
 even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity
subject us to higher levels of indebtedness than our competitors
Our ability to meet expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future performance
 which will be affected by financial
 business
 economic and other factors
 including potential changes in consumer preferences
marketing innovation and pressure from competitors. If we do not generate enough cash to pay our debt service obligations
 we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt
 sell assets
The agreements governing our debt
 including the indentures governing our senior notes
 contain
 or may in future financings contain
 various covenants that limit our ability to take certain actions and also require us to meet financial maintenance tests
Our financing arrangements contain restrictions
 covenants and events of default that
 among other things
 require us to satisfy certain financial tests and maintain certain financial ratios and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness and to refinance our existing indebtedness. Financing arrangements which we enter into in the future could contain similar restrictions and could additionally require us to comply with similar
 new or additional financial tests or to maintain similar
 new or additional financial ratios. The terms of our financing arrangements
 financing arrangements which we enter into in the future and any future indebtedness may impose various restrictions and covenants on us that could limit our ability to pay dividends
 respond to market conditions
 provide for capital investment needs or take advantage of business opportunities by limiting the amount of additional borrowings we may incur. These restrictions include compliance with
 or maintenance of
 certain financial tests and ratios and may limit or prohibit our ability to
Various risks
Our credit agreement contains customary financial covenants including a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and a quarterly minimum interest coverage ratio. Our credit agreement permits us
 subject to certain exceptions
 to incur additional unsecured debt only if
 among other conditions
 our consolidated interest coverage ratio
 calculated as provided in our credit agreement
A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity of the debt under these arrangements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances
 we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations
 including our obligations under the notes. In addition
To service our indebtedness and other cash needs
Our ability to pay interest on our outstanding senior notes
 to satisfy our other debt obligations
 and to fund any planned capital expenditures
 dividends and other cash needs will depend in part upon the future financial and operating performance of our subsidiaries and upon our ability to renew or refinance borrowings. Prevailing economic conditions and financial
 business
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory and other factors
 many of which are beyond our control
If we are unable to make payments or refinance our debt or obtain new financing under these circumstances
 we may consider other options
reduction or delay of capital expenditures
 strategic acquisitions
Our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations
 and future borrowings may not be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness
 including the senior notes and our other debt obligations
 including the term loan
As with any publicly traded company
 our shareholders&#8217; percentage ownership in Post may be diluted in the future because of equity issuances for acquisitions
 capital market transactions or otherwise
 including equity awards that we expect will be granted to our directors
 officers and employees and the accelerated vesting of other equity awards. For a more detailed description of the stock incentive plan
The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons
 including in response to the risk factors listed in this report or for reasons unrelated to our performance
 such as reports by industry analysts
 investor perceptions
 or negative developments relating to our customers
 competitors or suppliers
of our company
Our articles of incorporation
 bylaws and Missouri law contain provisions intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive and to incentivize prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include
anti-takeover provisions of Missouri law which may prevent us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder
We own our principal executive offices and lease corporate administrative offices in St. Louis
 Missouri. The general offices and location of our principal operations for each of our businesses are set forth in the summary below. We also lease sales offices mainly in the United States and maintain a number of stand-alone distribution facilities. In addition
The main administrative office for Post Consumer Brands
 which we own
 is located in Lakeville
 Minnesota.  Post Consumer Brands also leases domestic administrative and sales offices in Irvine
 California and Bentonville
 Arkansas.  Post Consumer Brands also has administrative office space in Toronto
 Canada
Post Consumer Brands has eight owned manufacturing facilities located in Battle Creek
 Michigan; Jonesboro
 Arkansas; Niagara Falls
 Ontario; Asheboro
 North Carolina; Tremonton
 Utah; St. Ansgar
 Iowa; and two facilities
 in addition to warehouse space
 in Northfield
 Minnesota.  Post Consumer Brands also maintains approximately 3.2 million square feet of warehouse and distribution space throughout the United States
 2.0 million of which is directly leased by us and 1.2 million of which we contract with third party logistics providers who operate warehouse and distribution space on our behalf.  As previously announced
 the Modesto
 California facility closed in the fourth fiscal quarter of 2014.  We expect to sell this facility within a year.  As also previously announced
 the Parsippany
 New Jersey administrative office
 which we lease
The Michael Foods Group&#8217;s primary administrative offices
 which are leased
 are located in Minnetonka
 Minnesota. Michael Foods owns six egg products production facilities
 which are located in Iowa
 Minnesota and Nebraska.  The egg products business also leases three facilities in Pennsylvania and New Jersey and a facility in Canada for egg product production and/or distribution.  Additionally
 the egg products business owns five layer facilities located in the United States.  With the acquisition of WEF in October 2015
 Michael Foods Group also owns two layer facilities in Canby
 Oregon and Moses Lake
 Washington.  The refrigerated potato products business&#8217; main processing facility is located in Chaska
 Minnesota
 which is owned
 and the business also leases a smaller processing facility in North Las Vegas
 Nevada.  The Michael Foods Group also owns a cheese packaging facility in Lake Mills
 Wisconsin for its cheese and other dairy-case products business.  Finally
 Dakota Growers
 which is reported in our Michael Foods Group segment
 owns manufacturing facilities in Carrington
 North Dakota and New Hope
&#32;administrative offices
 which are leased
 are located in Emeryville
 California.  The Dymatize business owns a manufacturing facility with administrative office space in Farmers Branch
 Texas
 however
 as previously announced
 we have closed this facility.  Additionally
 we own a manufacturing facility in Voerde
 Germany and lease office space in Munich
Our Private Brands business owns manufacturing facilities in Fitzgerald
 Georgia
 which is used for peanut butter production and peanut blanching
 and Eugene
 Oregon
 which is used for granola and cereal manufacturing. We also lease administrative office space in Eugene
 Oregon.  Additionally
 the Private Brands business leases manufacturing facilities in Troy
 Alabama; Blaine
 Washington; Markham
 Ontario; Brampton
 Ontario; and Burnaby
 British Columbia for nut butter and snacking nuts production.  Additionally
 we lease a sales office in Scottsdale
 Arizona and lease an administrative office in Burnaby
&#160;In late 2008 and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal&#160;courts against Michael Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
 alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale of shell eggs and egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &#8220;opt-out&#8221; cases
 brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert essentially the same allegations as in the main action. The opt-out cases are also pending in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania
 where they are being treated as related to the main action.  On September 18
 2015
 the court denied the motion of the Indirect Purchaser Plaintiffs for class certification.  On September 21
 2015
 the court granted the motion of the Direct Purchaser Plaintiffs to certify a shell-egg subclass
Michael Foods received a Civil Investigative Demand (&#8220;CID&#8221;) issued by the Florida Attorney General on November 27
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &#8220;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&#8221; The CID requested information and documents related to the pricing and supply of shell eggs and egg products
We do not believe it is possible to estimate the possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 we cannot predict what impact
 if any
&#160;We are subject to various other legal proceedings and actions arising in the normal course of our business.  In the opinion of management
 based upon the information presently known
 the ultimate liability
 if any
 arising from such pending legal proceedings
 as well as from asserted legal claims and known potential legal claims which are likely to be asserted
 taking into account established accruals for estimated liabilities (if any)
 are not expected to be material individually and in the aggregate to our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. In addition
 while it is difficult to estimate the potential financial impact of actions regarding expenditures for compliance with regulatory matters
 in the opinion of management
 based upon the information currently available
 the ultimate liability arising from such compliance matters is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial position
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (&#8220;NYSE&#8221;) under the symbol &#8220;POST.&#8221; There were approximately 6
269 shareholders of record on November 1
 2015. We did not pay any cash dividends on our common stock during the fiscal years ended September 30
 2015 or 2014. We have no plans to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future
Year Ended September 30
The following performance graph compares the changes
 for the period indicated
 in the cumulative total value of $100 hypothetically invested in each of (a) Post common stock
 (b) the Russell 2000 index and (c) a peer group composed of 14 U.S.-based public companies in the food and consumer packaged goods industries. The peer group companies are: B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.; Brown-Forman Corporation; Coca-Cola Bottling Co.; Cott Corporation; Darling International Inc.; Diamond Foods
 Inc.; Flowers Foods
 Inc.; The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.; J&amp;J Snack Foods Corp.; Pinnacle Foods Inc.; Sanderson Farms
 Inc.; Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 Inc.; Sunopta Inc. and TreeHouse Foods Inc. This graph covers the period from February 6
 2012 (the first day our common stock began &#8220;when-issued&#8221; trading on the NYSE) through September 30
This performance graph shall not be deemed &#8220;filed&#8221; for purposes of Section&#160;18 of the Exchange Act or incorporated by reference into any of our filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act
(in millions
Year Ended September 30
(dollars in millions
4
2
1
3
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Interest expense
(1
(3
1
3
Working capital (excluding cash
 cash equivalents
9
7
3
2
2
Debt
4
3
1
2
2
1
1
1
For information about the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets
Loss per share for the fiscal year ended September 30
 2011 is calculated assuming weighted-average shares outstanding of 34.4 million shares which represents the amount of common shares outstanding following the distribution of one share of Post common stock for every two shares of its former owners&#8217; common stock and the retention of approximately 6.8 million shares by its former owner. For this period
The data in these columns include results from the fiscal 2015
 2014 and 2013 acquisitions from the respective date of acquisition through September 30
The following discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results
 financial condition
 liquidity
 and capital resources of Post Holdings
 Inc. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements under Item&#160;8
We are a consumer packaged goods holding company operating in four reportable segments: Post Consumer Brands
 Michael Foods Group
 Active Nutrition and Private Brands. Our products are sold through a variety of channels such as grocery
 club and drug stores
 mass merchandisers
 foodservice
The United States retail food industry has continued to shift from traditional food retailers (those who carry a full array of refrigerated
 frozen and shelf stable products) to specialty retailers who cater to consumers who migrate to either end of the value spectrum. These specialty retailers tend to focus on either value offerings for consumers looking for the maximum value of their food purchases or catering to consumers looking for the highest quality ingredients
 unique packaging or products to satisfy particular dietary needs. Additionally
 trends to natural products and quick service restaurant offerings are increasing areas of consumer focus.&#160;These trends include shifting to products that are organic or natural
&#32;brands (&#8220;PowerBar&#8221;)
 acquired October 1
American Blanching Company (&#8220;ABC&#8221;)
 acquired November 1
MOM Brands Company (&#8220;MOM Brands&#8221;)
 acquired May 4
Dakota Growers Pasta Company
 Inc. (&#8220;Dakota Growers&#8221;)
 acquired January 1
Dymatize Enterprises
 LLC (&#8220;Dymatize&#8221;)
 acquired February 1
Golden Boy Foods Ltd. (&#8220;Golden Boy&#8221;)
 acquired February 1
MFI Holding Corporation (&#8220;Michael Foods&#8221;)
 acquired June 2
Attune Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;Attune&#8221;)
 acquired December 31
Certain assets of Hearthside Food Solutions (&#8220;Hearthside&#8221;)
 acquired May 28
Premier Nutrition Corporation (&#8220;PNC&#8221;)
 acquired September 3
In addition
 on October 3
 2015
 Post acquired Willamette Egg Farms
During the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 we reorganized our reportable segments in accordance with ASC 280
 &#8220;Segment Reporting.&#8221; At September 30
 2015
Michael Foods Group: including the predominantly foodservice and food ingredient egg
Active Nutrition: including protein shakes
Private Brands: primarily consisting of peanut and other nut butters
 dried fruit and nuts
All segment results reported herein have been reclassified to conform with the September 30
During fiscal 2015
 our Michael Foods Group egg business was impacted by an outbreak of avian influenza (&#8220;AI&#8221;) in the Midwest United States
of AI
 we have incurred increased costs related to enhanced biosecurity measures
 egg supply constraints
 production inefficiencies and higher market-based egg prices due to shortness of eggs available on the open market. We have mitigated the increased costs through a combination of aggressive cost containment
 management of volume needs with customers and pricing actions to cover the higher cost structure. Through these actions
 we have mitigated the impact of AI on the profitability of the egg business. However
 these actions do not contemplate further AI outbreaks
Restructuring
 Plant Closures
In September 2015
 we announced our plan to close our Dymatize manufacturing facility in Farmers Branch
In July 2015
&#32;trademark and our peanut butter plant in Portales
In May 2015
 we announced our plan to consolidate our cereal business administrative offices in Lakeville
 Minnesota. As a result of the announcement
 we plan to close our office located in Parsippany
 New Jersey and relocate those functions as well as certain functions located in Battle Creek
In March 2015
 we announced our plan to close our facility in Boise
 Idaho
 which manufactures certain PowerBar products distributed in North America. Plant production ceased in June 2015
In April 2013
 we announced management&#8217;s decision to close our plant located in Modesto
 California as part of a cost savings and capacity rationalization effort. The transfer of production capabilities and closure of the plant was completed during September 2014 and only routine upkeep and maintenance expenses were incurred in the year ended September 30
Related to the closure of our Modesto
 California facility
 we have land
 building and equipment classified as assets held for sale
 as well as machinery and equipment related to the manufacturing shutdown of our Dymatize facility which was also classified as held for sale at September 30
 2015. For additional information on our assets held for sale
Year Ended September 30
4
2
1
Interest expense
$2
237.1 million
 or 
 during the year ended September 30
 2015. This increase includes incremental net sales contributions from fiscal 2015 and 2014 acquisitions for the years ended September 30
$3
$1
185.6 million
 respectively. Excluding the impact of acquisitions
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2015 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. For further discussion
$1
377.0 million
 or 
 during the year ended September 30
 2014. This increase includes incremental net sales contributions from fiscal 2014 and 2013 acquisitions for the years ended September 30
$1
&#32;of sales to the Post Consumer Brands segment)
 respectively. Excluding the impact of acquisitions
ended September 30
 2014 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. For further discussion
&#32;for the year ended September 30
&#32;for the years ended September 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively
&#32;for the years ended September 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Excluding impairment charges and incremental segment profit contributions from acquisitions
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2015 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. For further discussion
&#32;for the year ended September 30
&#32;recorded in fiscal 2014 and 2013
 respectively
&#32;for the years ended September 30
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Excluding impairment charges and incremental segment profit contributions from acquisitions
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2014 compared to the corresponding period in the prior year. For further discussion
&#32;for the year ended September&#160;30
 2015
 compared to the prior year. The increase is driven primarily by the increase in the principal balance of outstanding debt due to various debt issuances in 2015 and 2014
&#32;at September 30
 2015 and 2014
&#32;for the year ended September&#160;30
 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. The increase was driven primarily by the increase in outstanding debt due to various debt issuances in 2014 and 2013 and the amortizing note component of our 5.25% tangible equity units (&#8220;TEUs&#8221;)
 as well as the prior year July 2013 issuance of an additional $350.0 million of our 7.375% senior notes
 partially offset by a decrease in our weighted average interest rate. The term loan and the amortizing note component of the TEUs bear interest at rates of 3.75% and 5.25%
&#32;at September 30
 2014 and 2013
For additional information on our debt
During the years ended September 30
 2015 and 2014
 we recognized losses of 
 respectively
 on non-cash mark-to-market adjustments related to our interest rate swaps. These amounts are reported in &#8220;Other expense&#8221; on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were no such losses in the year ended September 30
 2013. For additional information on our interest rate swaps
&#32;related to the non-deductible goodwill impairment loss
&#32;resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of Internal Revenue Code (&#8220;IRC&#8221;) section 162(m)
&#32;resulting from non-deductible outside service expenses incurred in relation to merger and acquisition transactions
&#32;resulting from recording valuation allowances against the net deferred tax assets of various subsidiaries
&#32;resulting from the receipt of non-taxable interest income
&#32;related to the non-deductible goodwill impairment loss
&#32;resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of IRC section 162(m)
&#32;resulting from non-deductible outside service expenses incurred in relation to merger and acquisition transactions
&#32;resulting from recording a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of a Canadian subsidiary
&#32;of incremental tax expense resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of IRC section 162(m)
For fiscal 2015 and 2013
 the effective tax rate was reduced by the effects of the Domestic Production Activities Deduction (&#8220;DPAD&#8221;) of $(5.9) and $(2.9)
We evaluate each segment&#8217;s performance based on its segment profit
 which is its operating profit before impairment of property and intangible assets
 plant closure related costs
 restructuring expenses
 losses on assets held for sale
 gain on sale of plant and other unallocated corporate income and expenses. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we changed our methodology for allocating certain corporate costs to segment profit. Accordingly
 segment profit for years ended September 30
Year Ended September 30
1
2
4
2
1
The tables below show the incremental impact by segment from acquisitions on net sales and segment profit for the years ended September 30
 2015 and 2014 related to the acquisitions of Dakota Growers
 Dymatize
 Golden Boy
 Michael Foods
 PowerBar
 ABC and MOM Brands
Year Ended September 30
1
260.8
 or 
 for the year ended September 30
Excluding the impact of sales from acquisitions
. The decrease was due to 3% lower volumes and slightly lower average net selling prices for the year ended September 30
 2015. Volume declines are primarily the 
. The decrease in average net selling prices is primarily the result of changes in sales mix with a current year shift to larger package sizes which sell at a lower average selling price per pound
 partially offset by lower trade spending and coupon redemption. Net sales were also negatively impacted by unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. Compared to the prior year pre-acquisition period
 sales for our recently acquired MOM Brands business were up
Segment profit for the year ended September 30
 2015
Excluding the impact of acquisitions
. The increase was driven by reduced advertising and promotional spending of $24.3 million
 lower raw material costs (primarily packaging
 corn
 rice
 wheat
 and oil
 partially offset by unfavorable nuts) and favorable manufacturing expense
 partially offset by lower volumes and lower average net selling prices
 as previously described
 costs incurred of $8.6 million related to the integration of Post Foods and MOM Brands as well as unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates. MOM Brands segment profit was negatively impacted in fiscal 2015 by a $17.0 million acquisition accounting related inventory valuation adjustment. Excluding this impact
 MOM Brands contributed $32.9 million to segment profit for the year ended September 30
Year Ended September 30
2
2
$1
$2
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2015
 primarily resulting from the inclusion of eight additional months of results in the current year amounts due to the timing of the Michael Foods acquisition in June 2014. Total net sales for the egg
 potato and cheese businesses increased 1% for the year ended September 30
 2015
 compared to the prior year (partially pre-acquisition) period. In the year ended September 30
 2015
 egg product sales were up 1%
 with volume down 7%. Lower volumes are due to the impacts of AI which reduced our egg supply available for sale. Despite the lower volumes
 revenues increased slightly as a result of substantially higher sales prices on market-based egg sales and price increases taken to offset higher costs incurred as a result of AI. Refrigerated potato products sales were up 1% with volume down 6%
 and cheese and other dairy case products sales were down 2%
 with volume down 4%. Sales have been positively impacted by the pasta business in the year ended September 30
 2015
 compared to the prior year (partially pre-acquisition) period
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2015
 primarily resulting from the inclusion of eight additional months of results in the current year amounts due to the timing of the Michael Foods acquisition in June 2014. Segment profit increased in the year ended September 30
 2015 compared to the prior year (partially pre-acquisition) period
 primarily resulting from increases in our egg
 cheese and pasta businesses
 partially offset by declines in our potato business. Egg results improved compared to below average fiscal 2014 results
 despite the impacts of AI
 due to aggressive cost containment
 higher market prices on market-based egg sales and price increases taken to offset AI related costs. Results for our cheese business improved as a result of a favorable pricing environment combined with lower and more stable cheese costs compared to a year ago. Pasta results were strong year over year
Year Ended September 30

 or 
 for the year ended September 30
 2015. Excluding the impact of sales from acquisitions in both periods
. This increase is attributable to strong growth in our Premier Nutrition branded products. Volumes were up 49% fueled by increased distribution of shakes within the club channel. Increased bar volumes and new product introductions also contributed to the volume increases. Volume gains were partially offset by an increase in trade spending for the year ended September 30
Segment loss for the year ended September 30
Excluding the impact of acquisitions in both periods
. The increase was driven by higher protein shake and bar volumes
 as previously described
 and lower raw material costs (primarily milk protein concentrate)
 partially offset by increased incentive compensation and severance related business reorganization costs. When compared to the prior year (partially pre-acquisition) period
 results for our fiscal 2014 acquisition of Dymatize were negatively impacted by lower sales
 as previously discussed
Year Ended September 30
&#32;(including $3.0 million of sales to the Post Consumer Brands segment) for the year ended September 30
 2015. This increase is primarily due to the impact of current and prior year acquisitions. Excluding this impact
. The increase is primarily the result of 19% higher granola sales in the year ended September 30
 2015
When comparing the results of our recently acquired nut butter and fruit and nut businesses to their prior year comparable (partially pre-acquisition) period for the year ended September 30
 2015
 net sales increased on higher volumes as well as improved net selling prices. Volume increases were driven by conventional peanut butter and tree nut butters
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2015. This increase is primarily due to current and prior year acquisitions. Excluding the impact of acquisitions in both periods
&#32;due to an increase in granola net sales volumes
 as previously discussed. Also contributing to the increase in segment profit are favorable manufacturing costs
When comparing the results of our recently acquired nut butter and fruit and nut businesses to their prior year comparable (partially pre-acquisition) period for the year ended September 30
 2015
 segment profit was unfavorably impacted by higher commodity costs
 increased fixed manufacturing costs and an increase in amortization expense of acquired intangibles. Segment profit was negatively impacted in the years ended September 30
 2015 and 2014 by inventory valuation adjustments of $1.3 million and $1.2 million
The tables below show the incremental impact by segment from acquisitions on net sales and segment profit for the years ended September 30
 2014 and 2013 related to the acquisitions of Attune
 Hearthside
 PNC
 Dakota Growers
 Dymatize
 Golden Boy and Michael Foods
Year Ended September 30
&#32;primarily due to a 3% decline in average net selling prices partially offset by 1% higher volumes. Volume increases were driven by growth in branded RTE cereal
 partially offset by reduced volumes associated with co-manufacturing agreements. The decrease in average net selling prices in fiscal 2014 was the result of higher liquidation sales of aged product and a sales mix shift to larger sized packages
 which sell at a lower average price per ounce
 and higher trade spending and coupon expense. Additionally
 we saw declines in the overall branded RTE cereal category (as measured by Nielsen)
 with the rate of category decline increasing in 2014
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2014. The decrease was driven by lower average net selling prices as previously described
 partially offset by reduced advertising and promotional spending
 lower raw material costs (primarily corn
 sugar
 wheat and fruits)
Year Ended September 30
&#32;for the year ended September 30
 2014. Net sales related to our egg
 potato and cheese business increased 9% compared to the comparable fiscal 2013 period prior to our ownership. This increase was driven by an 8% increase in volumes
&#32;for the year ended September 30
Year Ended September 30
&#160;for the year ended September 30
&#32;for the year ended September 30
&#32;in the prior year. Fluctuations in both net sales and segment profit were due to the timing of acquisitions within the Active Nutrition segment and the inclusion of additional months of results in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. Segment profit was negatively impacted in the year ended September 30
 2014 by $3.9 million of acquisition accounting related inventory valuation adjustments. Additionally
Year Ended September 30
&#32;of sales to the Post Consumer Brands segment) for the year ended September 30
&#32;of sales to the Post Consumer Brands segment) for the year ended September 30
&#160;for the year ended September 30
&#160;for the year ended September 30
 2013. Increases in both net sales and segment profit were due to the timing of acquisitions within the Private Brands segment and the inclusion of additional months of results in 2014 as compared to 2013. Segment profit was negatively impacted in fiscal 2014 and 2013 by $1.2 million and $1.4 million
 respectively
&#32;during the year ended September 30
&#32;in fiscal 2014 to adjust the carrying value of the assets to their estimated fair value less estimated selling costs
 $12.2 million higher cash and non-cash stock-based compensation expense (including $8.0 million of accelerated stock compensation expense related to an employee retirement and reorganization initiatives) and higher compensation related costs resulting from an increase in holding company headcount to support the larger organization. These cost increases were partially offset by reduced third party acquisition related costs of $15.3 million
 reduced accelerated depreciation of $5.9 million as compared to 2014 and reduced losses related to mark-to-market adjustments on commodity hedges of $1.3 million. In addition
Of the total restructuring and plant closure costs for the year ended September 30
 2015
 $10.1 million relates to the Post Consumer Brands segment and $15.5 million relates to the Active Nutrition segment. Accelerated depreciation of $2.1 million in the year ended September 30
for the year ended September 30
 2015
 $15.4 million relates to the Private Brands segment
 $11.7 million relates to the Active Nutrition segment and $7.1 million relates to the Post Consumer Brands segment. For the year ended September 30
 2014
 the $5.6 million of restructuring and plant closure costs
&#32;of losses on assets held for sale
&#32;during the year ended September 30
The increase is due to higher third party acquisition related costs of $24.0 million
 increased losses related to mark-to-market adjustments on commodity hedges of $2.0 million
&#32;recorded to adjust the carrying value of the assets to their estimated fair value less estimated selling costs
 $4.6 million higher cash and non-cash stock-based compensation expense and higher compensation related costs resulting from an increase in holding company headcount to support the larger organization. Results for the year ended September 30
 2014 also included a loss of $13.1 million related to a hedge of the CAD $320.0 million purchase price of Golden Boy. These cost increases were partially offset by reduced separation related costs of&#160;$6.3 million&#160;primarily related to third party professional service fees to effect the spin-off from our former owner and duplicative costs incurred by Post to establish stand-alone processes and systems. In addition
 we incurred $0.8 million lower restructuring and plant closure costs and reduced accelerated depreciation of $1.6 million in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. Restructuring
During fiscal 2015
. The goodwill impairment charge relates to Dymatize
&#32;brand
&#32;During fiscal 2014
&#32;related to Dymatize
&#32;brand
&#32;brand
During September 2013
&#160;brand
 which are reported in our Post Consumer Brands segment. For more information
In connection with funding acquisitions and managing our capital structure
 we completed the following transactions (for additional information see Note 14
$341.4&#160;million net proceeds through the issuance of 7.475 million shares of common stock
 par value&#160;$0.01&#160;per share
$391.3&#160;million net proceeds through the issuance of 6.73 million shares of common stock
 par value&#160;$0.01&#160;per share
$1
Revolving credit facility in an aggregate available principal amount of $400.0 million
 undrawn during fiscal 2014 with $4.2 million utilized under a letter of credit provision at September 30
$303.5 million net proceeds through the issuance of 5.750 million shares of common stock
 par value $0.01 per share
$289.9&#160;million net proceeds through the issuance of 6.325 million shares of common stock
 par value&#160;$0.01&#160;per share
 at a price to the public of&#160;$47.70&#160;per share 
 
Year ended September 30
(1
(3
1
3
Historically
 we have generated and expect to continue to generate positive cash flows from operations. We believe our cash on hand
 cash flows from operations and our current and possible future credit facilities will be sufficient to satisfy our future working capital requirements
 interest payments
 research and development activities
 capital expenditures
 pension contributions and other financing requirements for the foreseeable future. Our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations is dependent on general economic conditions
 competitive pressures and other business risk factors. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows from operations
 or otherwise to comply with the terms of our credit facilities
Short-term financing needs primarily consist of working capital requirements
 principal and interest payments on our long-term debt and dividend payments on our cumulative preferred stock. Long-term financing needs will depend largely on potential growth opportunities
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
&#32;of favorable working capital changes during the year ended September 30
 2015
 when compared to working capital changes in fiscal 2014
 primarily related to the collection of a $55.5 million income tax receivable
 partially offset by higher interest payments of 
&#32;in 2015. In addition
Cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal year ended September&#160;30
&#32;compared to the fiscal year ended September&#160;30
 2013. This increase was primarily driven by incremental cash flows from our 2014 and 2013 acquisitions
 $62.1 million of favorable working capital changes during the year ended September 30
 2014 when compared to working capital changes in fiscal 2013
 as well as lower payments for federal income taxes
$2
$2
&#32;of proceeds related to the sale of  property during fiscal 2015
 primarily relating to the sale of facilities located in Portales
 New Mexico (completed on July 29
 2015) and Boise
 Idaho (completed on September 22
 2015)
&#32;trademark. In the year ended September 30
 2014
 cash used in investing activities was impacted by a $75.0 million payment
 classified as an other long-term asset
 made as a prepayment of the purchase price for the acquisition of PowerBar as well as escrow deposits of $55.0 million and $14.0 million
 classified as restricted cash
 related to the acquisitions of PowerBar and ABC
&#32;in fiscal years 2015 and 2014
 respectively. The decrease is primarily due to a reduction of capital expenditures in 2015 related to the closure of our Modesto
$3
&#32;compared to fiscal 2013. The increase was driven by net cash paid in fiscal 2014 for the acquisitions of Dakota Growers
 Dymatize
 Golden Boy and Michael Foods. Cash used in investing activities was also impacted in fiscal 2014 by a $75.0 million payment
 classified as an other long-term asset
 made as a prepayment of the purchase price for the acquisition of PowerBar as well as escrow deposits of $55.0 million and $14.0 million
 classified as restricted cash
 related to the acquisitions of PowerBar and ABC
&#32;in fiscal years 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Expenditures in these years primarily related to the closure of our Modesto
 California facility and the associated migration of production capacity from Modesto to other facilities as well as expenditures made to build out our stand-alone IT infrastructure in fiscal 2013. Fiscal 2014 and 2013 acquisitions added $43.0 million of capital expenditures in 2014. &#160;Also in fiscal 2014
 the Company purchased a peanut butter manufacturing facility located in Portales
$1
$3
&#32;in 2014. Cash provided by financing activities is primarily driven by proceeds from debt and equity issuances and debt repayments all of which are listed above within this section. In addition
 in the year ended September 30
 2015
$3
Under the terms of the Credit Agreement
 we are required to comply quarterly with certain financial covenants consisting of ratios for maximum senior secured leverage and minimum interest expense coverage. As of September 30
 2015
With limited exceptions
 our Credit Agreement permits us to incur additional unsecured debt only if our pro forma consolidated interest expense coverage ratio
 calculated as provided in the Credit Agreement
 would be greater than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 after giving effect to such new debt. As of September 30
 2015
In the normal course of business
September&#160;30
table below
 &#8220;Less Than 1&#160;Year&#8221; refers to obligations due between October&#160;1
 2015 and September&#160;30
 2016
 &#8220;1-3&#160;Years&#8221; refers to obligations due between October&#160;1
 2016 and September&#160;30
 2018
 &#8220;3-5&#160;Years&#8221; refers to obligations due between October&#160;1
 2018 and September&#160;30
 2020
 and &#8220;More Than 5&#160;Years&#8221; refers to any obligations due after September&#160;30
4
4
2
2
9
1
1
1
5
Interest on long-term debt is calculated using current market rates. As of September 30
 2015
$1
477.6 million
&#32;which will result in a net settlement in July 2018. Those payments have been excluded from this table. For additional information on our interest rate swaps
Operating lease obligations consist of minimum rental payments under noncancelable operating leases
Purchase obligations are legally binding agreements to purchase goods
 services or equipment that specify all significant terms
 including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed
We have excluded from the table above $11.3 million
 which also excludes interest and penalties
 for certain provisions of ASC 740 &#8220;Income Taxes&#8221; associated with liabilities for uncertain tax positions due to the uncertainty as to the amount and timing of payment
 if any. In addition
 we have excluded payments for workers compensation
 general liability and auto liability claim losses for which we had a liability recorded of $9.9 million at September 30
 2015
 of which $3.4 million was classified as current
Our company is exposed to price fluctuations primarily from purchases of raw and packaging materials
 fuel
 and energy. Primary exposures include corn
 wheat
 soybean oil and meal
 nuts
 eggs
 dairy
 durum wheat
 whey protein concentrate
 milk protein concentrate
 natural gas
 diesel fuel
 linerboard and resin. These costs have been volatile in recent years and future changes in such costs may cause our results of operations and our operating margins to fluctuate significantly. We manage the impact of cost increases
 wherever possible
 on commercially reasonable terms
 by locking in prices on the quantities required to meet our production requirements. In addition
 we offset the effect of increased costs by raising prices to our customers. However
 for competitive reasons
 we may not be able to pass along the full effect of increases in raw materials and other input costs as we incur them. In addition
September 30

 
Our results are affected by seasonal fluctuations of net sales. Shell egg
Certain sales and costs of our foreign operations were denominated in Canadian Dollars and Euro. Consequently
September&#160;30
&#32;and September 30
 2014
The following discussion is presented pursuant to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Financial Reporting Release No.&#160;60
 &#8220;Cautionary Advice Regarding Disclosure About Critical Accounting Policies.&#8221; The policies below are both important to the representation of Post&#8217;s financial condition and results of operations and require management&#8217;s most difficult
Under generally accepted accounting principles in the United States
 we make estimates and assumptions that impact the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
&#32;- Revenue is recognized when title of goods is transferred to the customer
 as specified by the shipping terms. Net sales reflect gross sales
 including amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
 less sales discounts and trade allowances (including promotional price buy downs and new item promotional funding). Customer trade allowances are generally computed as a percentage of gross sales. Products are generally sold with no right of return except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged and related reserves are maintained based on return history. If additional rights of return are granted
We use the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Significant judgment is often required in estimating the fair value of assets acquired
 particularly intangible assets. As a result
 in the case of significant acquisitions we normally obtain the assistance of a third-party valuation specialist in estimating fair values of tangible and intangible assets. The fair value estimates are based on available historical information and on expectations and assumptions about the future
 considering the perspective of marketplace participants. While we believe those expectations and assumptions are reasonable
 they are inherently uncertain. Unanticipated market or macroeconomic events and circumstances may occur
&#32;- Inventories
 other than flocks
 which are discussed below
 are generally valued at the lower of average cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market value and have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete product and packaging materials. The estimated allowance is based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and sales. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising chicken flocks to egg laying maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at which time their cost is amortized to operations
 as cost of goods sold
&#32;We review long-lived assets
 including leasehold improvements
 property and equipment
&#32;Trademarks with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate the trademark may be impaired. In assessing other intangible assets not subject to amortization for impairment
 we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of such an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of such an intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
 then we are not required to perform any additional tests for assessing intangible assets for impairment. However
 if we conclude otherwise or elect not to perform the qualitative assessment
 then we are required to perform a quantitative impairment test that involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of the intangible asset with its carrying value. If the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value
In fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013
 we elected not to perform a qualitative assessment and instead performed a quantitative impairment test. The estimated fair value is determined using an income-based approach (the relief-from-royalty method)
 which requires significant assumptions for each brand
 including estimates regarding future revenue growth
 discount rates
 and appropriate royalty rates. We estimated royalty rates based on consideration of several factors for each brand
 including profit levels
 research of external royalty rates by third party experts
At September 30
 2015
 Post recorded impairment losses in the Post Consumer Brands segment of 
 respectively. Impairment charges of these Post Foods brands were primarily the result of declines within the branded RTE cereal category and as a result
. A change to the management team for the Post Consumer Brands segment occurred in May 2015
 and at that time a comprehensive reassessment of brand strategies was performed which resulted in the fourth quarter decisions that triggered the impairments. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October 1
 2015
At September 30
 2014
&#32;brand
&#32;brand
&#32;brand to record these trademarks at their estimated fair values of $144.0 million
 $243.9 million
 $8.2 million and $14.9 million
 respectively. Impairment charges of these Post Foods brands were primarily the result of the acceleration of declines within the branded RTE cereal category
 as well as the expectation that revenue and profit growth for Post Foods will be challenged in the medium to long-term. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October 1
 2014
At September 30
 2013
&#32;brand to record these trademarks at their estimated current fair values of $25.4 million and $178.4 million
&#32;Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair market value of their identifiable net assets. We conduct a goodwill impairment qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The goodwill impairment qualitative assessment requires us to perform an assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the business is less than its carrying amount. The qualitative assessment considers various factors
 including the macroeconomic environment
 industry and market specific conditions
 financial performance
 cost impacts
 and issues or events specific to the business. If adverse qualitative trends are identified that could negatively impact the fair value of the business
 we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. In fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013
Under the two-step quantitative impairment test
 the first step of the evaluation involves comparing the current fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The estimated fair values were determined using a combined income and market approach with a greater weighting on the income approach (75% of the calculation for all reporting units
 excluding Dymatize and the international operation of PowerBar which are 100%). The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions
 including estimates regarding future revenue
 profitability
 and capital requirements. The market approach (25% of the calculation for all reporting units
 excluding Dymatize and the international operations of PowerBar which are 0%) is based on a market multiple (revenue and EBITDA which stands for earnings before interest
 income taxes
 depreciation
 and amortization) and requires an estimate of appropriate multiples based on market data. Revenue growth assumptions (along with profitability and cash flow assumptions) were based on historical trends for the reporting units and management's expectations for future growth. The discount rates were based on a risk adjusted weighted average cost of capital utilizing industry market data of businesses similar to the reporting units and based upon management judgment. For the market approach
 we used estimated EBITDA and revenue multiples based on industry market data. For the Dymatize and PowerBar International reporting units
If the fair value of a reporting unit determined in the first step of the evaluation is lower than its carrying value
 we proceed to the second step
 which compares the carrying value of goodwill to its implied fair value. In estimating the implied fair value of goodwill for a reporting unit
As of September 30
 2015
&#32;for the impairment of goodwill. The impairment charge relates to the Active Nutrition segment and is primarily the result of fourth quarter production issues at Dymatize which resulted in the Company&#8217;s decision to close its manufacturing facility and permanently transfer production to third party facilities under co-manufacturing agreements. At September 30
 2015
At September 30
 2014
 we recorded a total charge of $212.6 million for the impairment of goodwill. The impairment charge included $181.3 million related to Post Consumer Brands segment primarily resulting from the acceleration of declines within the RTE cereal category. Additionally
 the expectation was that revenue and profit growth for Post Foods would be challenged in the medium to long-term. The Active Nutrition segment recognized charges of $31.3 million resulting from reduced near-term profitability related to supply chain disruptions at Dymatize and incremental remediation expenses
 which were identified subsequent to the initial valuation at the acquisition date of February 1
&#32;Pension assets and liabilities are determined on an actuarial basis and are affected by the estimated market-related value of plan assets
 estimates of the expected return on plan assets
 discount rates
 future salary increases
 and other assumptions inherent in these valuations. We annually review the assumptions underlying the actuarial calculations and make changes to these assumptions
 based on current market conditions and historical trends
 as necessary. Differences between the actual return on plan assets and the expected return on plan assets and changes to projected future rates of return on plan assets will affect the amount of pension expense or income ultimately recognized. The other postretirement benefits liability (partially subsidized retiree health and life insurance) is also determined on an actuarial basis and is affected by assumptions including the discount rate and expected trends in healthcare costs. Changes in the discount rate and differences between actual and expected healthcare costs will affect the recorded amount of other postretirement benefits expense. For both pensions and postretirement benefit calculations
 the assumed discount rate is determined by projecting the plans&#8217; expected future benefit payments as defined for the projected benefit obligation or accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 discounting those expected payments using a theoretical zero-coupon spot yield curve derived from a universe of high-quality (rated AA or better by Moody&#8217;s Investor Service) corporate bonds as of the measurement date
 and solving for the single equivalent discount rate that results in the same present value. A 1% decrease in the assumed discount rate (from 4.55% to 3.55% for U.S.&#160;pension; from 4.60% to 3.60% for U.S.&#160;other postretirement benefits; from 3.82% to 2.82% for Canadian pension; and from 3.91% to 2.91% for Canadian other postretirement benefits) would have increased the recorded benefit obligations at September&#160;30
 2015 by approximately $10.8&#160;million for pensions and approximately $23.9&#160;million for other postretirement benefits. The expected return on plan assets was determined based on historical and expected future returns of the various asset classes
 using the target allocations of the plans. A 1% decrease in the assumed return on plan assets (from 5.72% to 4.72% for U.S.&#160;and from 6.00% to 5.00% for Canadian) would have increased the net periodic benefit cost for the pension plans by approximately $0.4&#160;million. We expect to contribute $6.1 million to the combined pension plans and $2.6 million to our postretirement medical benefit plans in fiscal 2016. Contributions beyond 2016 remain uncertain and will significantly depend on changes in actuarial assumptions
&#32;Stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized as expense over the vesting period for awards expected to vest. Determining the fair value of share-based awards at the grant date requires judgment
 including estimating the expected term
 expected stock price volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected dividends. In addition
 judgment is required in estimating the amount of share-based awards that are expected to be forfeited before vesting. For equity awards
 the original estimate of the grant date fair value is not subsequently revised unless the awards are modified
 but the estimate of expected forfeitures is revised throughout the vesting period and the cumulative stock-based compensation cost recognized is adjusted accordingly. For liability awards
&#32;- We estimate income tax expense based on taxes in each jurisdiction. We estimate current tax exposures together with temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. We believe that sufficient income will be generated in the future to realize the benefit of most of our deferred tax assets. Where there is not sufficient evidence that such income is likely to be generated
 we establish a valuation allowance against the related deferred tax assets. We are subject to periodic audits by governmental tax authorities of our income tax returns. These audits generally include questions regarding our tax filing positions
 including the amount and timing of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. We evaluate our exposures associated with our tax filing positions
 including state and local taxes
Based on the provisions of the Tax Allocation Agreement with our former owner
 our former owner retained responsibility for income tax liabilities and income tax returns related to all periods prior to the separation date of February 3
 2012. U.S. federal
 U.S. state and Canadian income tax returns for the tax years ended September 30
 2014
In the ordinary course of business
 we are exposed to commodity price risks relating to the acquisition of raw materials and fuels. We use futures contracts
 options and swaps
 to manage certain of these exposures when it is practical to do so. For more information
We have foreign currency exchange rate risk related to our Canadian and German entities
 whose functional currencies are the Canadian Dollar and Euro
As of September 30
 2015
$4
&#160;related to our various senior notes issuances
 our term loan
 our 5.25% tangible equity units
&#32;million at September 30
$4
&#160;outstanding indebtedness
$4
&#32;is variable rate debt comprised of  the unpaid principal balance of our term loan
&#32;spread. In June 2014
 we entered into interest rate swaps
 with a two-year forward start date
&#32;at September 30
 2015
&#32;and receive one-month LIBOR. The interest rate swaps have the effect of fixing the interest rate we will incur on our variable rate term loan with cash payments beginning in June 2016 (see Note 12). In addition
 as of September 30
 2015
In November 2015
Borrowings
 if any
&#32;for Base Rate-based loans
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years Ended September&#160;30
 2015
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Fiscal Years Ended September 30
 2015
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September&#160;30
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years Ended September&#160;30
 2015
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity for the Fiscal Years Ended September&#160;30
 2015
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Post Holdings
In our opinion
 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income/(loss)
present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Post Holdings
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at September 30
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.  Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30
 2015
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).  The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.  Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.  Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
As described in Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
 management has excluded PowerBar and MOM Brands Company from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30
 2015 because they were acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2015. We have also excluded PowerBar and MOM Brands Company from our audit of internal control over financial reporting.  PowerBar and MOM Brands Company total assets and total revenues collectively represent 12% and 10%
 respectively
 of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the year ended September 30
St. Louis
November&#160;25
POST HOLDINGS
(in millions
Year Ended September 30
4
2
1
3
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Interest expense
POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
Pension and postretirement benefit adjustments
 net of tax of $3.3
 $5.1 and $(8.2)
POST HOLDINGS
(in millions
September 30
Receivables
1
1
Property
1
3
2
Other intangible assets
2
2
9
7
4
3
6
5
Preferred Stock
 $0.01 par value
3.75% Series B
2.50% Series C
Common stock
 $0.01 par value
 300.0 shares authorized
 62.1 and 44.8 shares outstanding
3
2
Treasury stock
 at cost
2
2
9
7
POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount/premium
Other
Other changes in current assets and liabilities
Business acquisitions
(1
(3
(1
(3
1
2
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
(1
Other
1
3
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
POST HOLDINGS
Retirement Benefit Adjustments
Balance
 September 30
1
1
Net change in retirement benefits
Balance
 September 30
1
1
Net change in retirement benefits
Balance
 September 30
2
2
Net change in retirement benefits
Balance
 September 30
3
2
POST HOLDINGS
(dollars in millions
Post Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Post&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer packaged goods holding company operating in the center-of-the-store
 foodservice
 food ingredient
 refrigerated
 active nutrition and private brand food categories. The Company&#8217;s products are sold through a variety of channels such as grocery
 club and drug stores
 mass merchandisers
 foodservice
 ingredient and via the internet. Post operates in four reportable segments: Post Consumer Brands
 Michael Foods Group
 Active Nutrition and Private Brands. The Post Consumer Brands segment primarily consists of the ready-to-eat (&#8220;RTE&#8221;) cereal business
 the Michael Foods Group segment includes predominantly foodservice and food ingredient egg
 potato and pasta businesses and the retail cheese business
 the Active Nutrition segment includes protein shakes
 bars and powders and nutritional supplements and the Private Brands segment primarily consists of peanut and other nut butters
On February 6
 2012
Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates
 all references in this Form 10-K to &#8220;Post
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;we&#8221; mean Post Holdings
&#160;&#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the operations of Post Holdings
&#32;The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which require certain elections as to accounting policy
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amount of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant accounting policy elections
 estimates and assumptions include
 among others
 pension and benefit plan assumptions
 valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets
The Company uses the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
&#32;Receivables are reported at net realizable value. This value includes appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts
 cash discounts
 and other amounts which the Company does not ultimately expect to collect. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical losses and the economic status of
 and its relationship with its customers
&#8212; Inventories
 other than flocks
 are generally valued at the lower of average cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Reported amounts have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete product and packaging materials based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and sales. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising chicken flocks to egg laying maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at which time their cost is amortized to operations
 as cost of goods sold
&#8212; Restructuring charges principally consist of severance and other employee separation costs
related to assets that will be disposed of or idled as a part of the restructuring activity is accelerated through the expected date of the asset shut down. Assets are classified as held for sale if the Company has committed to a plan for selling the assets
 is actively and reasonably marketing them
&#32;Property is recorded at cost
&#160;years for buildings
 building improvements and leasehold improvements
 and 
 
 
 respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or disposal of assets are included in Other operating expenses, net. Repair and maintenance costs incurred in connection with on-going and planned major maintenance activities are accounted for under the direct expensing method. During the year ended September 30
 2015
 the Company had non-monetary exchanges of fixed assets. The cash and non-cash portions of these transactions were 
September 30
1
1
1
&#32;Other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks/brands acquired in business combinations and includes both indefinite and definite-lived assets. Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets
 which is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 was 
 
 and 
 
September&#160;30
 2015
 amortization expense of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September 30
September&#160;30
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
3
2
2
2
&#32;The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred which might impair the recoverability of the carrying value of its assets
 including property
 identifiable intangibles and goodwill. Trademarks with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate the trademark may be impaired. The trademark impairment tests require us to estimate the fair value of the trademark and compare it to its carrying value. The estimated fair value is determined using an income-based approach (the relief-from-royalty method)
 which requires significant assumptions for each brand
 including estimates regarding future revenue growth
 discount rates
 and appropriate royalty rates. Assumptions are determined after consideration of several factors for each brand
 including profit levels
&#32;In addition
 definite-lived assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reassessed as needed when information becomes available that is believed to negatively impact the fair market value of an asset. In general
At September 30
 2015
 Post recorded impairment losses of 
 respectively. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October
 1 2015
At September 30
 2014
&#32;brand
&#32;brand
 
 
 
 respectively. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October 1
 2014
&#32;At September 30
 2013
 Post recorded impairment losses in the Post Consumer Brands segment of 
&#32;The Company funds a portion of its deferred compensation liability by investing in certain mutual funds in the same amounts as selected by the participating employees. Because management&#8217;s intent is to invest in a manner that matches the deferral options chosen by the participants and those participants can elect to transfer amounts in or out of each of the designated deferral options at any time
 these investments have been classified as trading assets and are stated at fair value in &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; and &#8220;Other Assets&#8221; (see Note&#160;13). Both realized and unrealized gains and losses on these assets are included in &#8220;Selling
&#32;Revenue is recognized when title of goods and risk of loss is transferred to the customer
 as specified by the shipping terms. Net sales reflect gross sales
 including amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
 less sales discounts and trade allowances (including promotional price buy downs and new item promotional funding). Customer trade allowances are generally computed as a percentage of gross sales. Products are generally sold with no right of return except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged
 and related reserves are maintained based on return history. If additional rights of return are granted
Cost of goods sold includes
 among other things
 inbound and outbound freight costs and depreciation expense related to assets used in production
 while storage and other warehousing costs are included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; Storage and other warehousing costs totaled $
 $
 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for costs of producing media advertising such as television commercials or magazine advertisements
September&#160;30
&#32;Income tax (benefit) provision is estimated based on income taxes in each jurisdiction and includes the effects of both current tax exposures and the temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the related deferred tax assets to the extent that it is not more likely than not that the future benefits will be realized. Reserves are recorded for estimated exposures associated with the Company&#8217;s tax filing positions
 which are subject to periodic audits by governmental taxing authorities. Interest due to an underpayment of income taxes is classified as income taxes. The Company considers the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be permanently invested
In September 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2015-16
&#160;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.&#160;The standard requires that adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination be recorded in the period such adjustments are determined
 rather than retrospectively adjusting previously reported amounts. ASU&#160;2015-16&#160;is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. Post early adopted this ASU at September 30
In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&#160;2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330).&#160;The standard requires most inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value (&#8220;NRV&#8221;)
 thereby simplifying the previous guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market. Market is defined as replacement cost
 NRV
 or NRV less a normal profit margin. The ASU will not apply to inventory that is measured using either the last-in
 first-out method or the retail inventory method. ASU&#160;2015-11&#160;is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016
In the quarter ended June 30
 2015
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03 &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#8221; which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. The standards update requires an entity to present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15 &#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
&#8221; which indicates the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. ASU 2015-03 requires retrospective application and is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. The Company has not determined the date of adoption
 however
 at September 30
 2015
 the amount of deferred financing fees reported as an asset
 excluding amounts related to our line-of-credit arrangement
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The standard's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015
 FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date&#8221; to defer for one year the effective date of the new revenue standard
 making it effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15
 2017 (i.e. Post&#8217;s financial statements for the year ending September 30
 2019)
 and adoption is not permitted prior to the original effective date of the ASU (i.e. Post&#8217;s financial statements for the year ending September 30
In September 2015
 the Company announced its plan to close its Dymatize manufacturing facility located in Farmers Branch
In May 2015
 the Company announced its plan to consolidate its cereal business administrative offices in Lakeville
 Minnesota. As a result of the announcement
 the Company plans to close its office located in Parsippany
 New Jersey and relocate those functions as well as certain functions located in Battle Creek
In March 2015
 the Company announced its plan to close its facility in Boise
 Idaho
In April 2013
 the Company announced management&#8217;s decision to close its plant located in Modesto
 California as part of a cost savings and capacity rationalization effort. The transfer of production capabilities and closure of the plant was completed during September 2014
 and no additional restructuring costs were incurred in the year ended September 30
Amounts related to the restructuring events are shown in the following table. Costs are recognized in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations with the exception of the accelerated depreciation expense  recorded in fiscal years 2014 and 2013
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Related to the closure of its Modesto
 California facility
 the Company has land
 building and equipment classified as assets held for sale as of September 30
 2015 and 2014. Related to the manufacturing shutdown of its Dymatize facility
 the Company has machinery and equipment classified as assets held for sale as of September 30
&#32;as of September 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Held for sale losses of 
 respectively
 to adjust the carrying value of the assets to their fair value less estimated selling costs. The held for sale losses recorded in fiscal 2015 include amounts related to the Modesto facility and Dymatize machinery and equipment
 as well as held for sale losses of its facilities located in Portales
 New Mexico (sold on July 29
 2015) and Boise
 Idaho (sold on September 22
 2015)
&#32;trademark (sold on July 1
 2015)
 all of which were classified as held for sale during fiscal 2015. The losses are reported as &#8220;Other operating expenses
On October 1
 2014
 the Company completed its acquisition of the&#160;
&#160;subject to a working capital adjustment
. In March 2015
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. PowerBar is reported in Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
 the Company has recorded 
 respectively
 for the fiscal year ended September 30
 2015. On July 1
 2015
On November 1
 2014
. ABC is a manufacturer of peanut butter for national brands
 private label retail and industrial markets and provider of peanut blanching
 granulation and roasting services for the commercial peanut industry. ABC is reported in Post&#8217;s Private Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the preliminary purchase price allocation
&#32;years. ABC&#8217;s operations have been integrated into the Company&#8217;s existing peanut butter business
 and due to the level of integration
On May 4
 2015
 Post completed its acquisition of MOM Brands
$1
&#32;million shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the former owners of MOM Brands. The shares were valued at the May 1
. In September 2015
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
 resulting in an amount back to the Company of approximately 
 respectively
 for the year ended September 30
 2015. Based upon the preliminary purchase price allocation
Each of the acquisitions was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the results of operations are included in the financial statements from the date of acquisition. The respective purchase prices were allocated to acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
Certain estimated values for the MOM Brands acquisition
 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 inventory and deferred taxes
The following table provides the allocation of the purchase price based upon the fair value of assets and liabilities assumed for each acquisition completed in fiscal 2015. Measurement period adjustments have been made to the allocation of purchase price for current year acquisitions since the date of acquisition related to working capital settlements and the final determination of workers compensation
1
On January 1
 2014
 Post completed its acquisition of all the stock of Agricore United Holdings Inc. (&#8220;Agricore&#8221;) from Viterra Inc. Agricore is the parent company of Dakota Growers
 a manufacturer of dry pasta for the private label
&#32;in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
. In May 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. Dakota Growers is reported in Post&#8217;s Michael Foods Group segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
On February 1
 2014
 Post completed its acquisition of Dymatize
 a manufacturer and marketer of premium protein powders
&#32;in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
. In September 2015
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
 resulting in a payment to the Company of 
&#32;was recorded as &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; Dymatize is reported in Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
On February 1
 2014
 Post completed its acquisition of Golden Boy
 a manufacturer of private label peanut and other nut butters
&#160;in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
. In May 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. Golden Boy is reported in Post&#8217;s Private Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
&#32;years
&#32;years
On June 2
 2014
 the Company completed its acquisition of Michael Foods from affiliates of GS Capital Partners
 affiliates of Thomas H. Lee Partners and other owners
 which is reported in Post&#8217;s Michael Foods Group segment (see Note 20). Michael Foods manufactures and distributes egg products and refrigerated potato products and also distributes cheese and other dairy case products to the retail
$2
450.0
$2
. In August 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. Based upon the purchase price allocation
$1
On August 1
 2014
 Post Foods
 LLC
 a subsidiary of the Company
. The brand is reported as part of the Post Consumer Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
&#32;years. In addition to the intangibles acquired
Each of the acquisitions was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the results of operations of each are included in the financial statements from the date of acquisition. The respective purchase prices were allocated to acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the following table and discussed above. Goodwill represents the value the Company expects to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and the expansion of the business into new growing segments of the industry. The Company does not expect the final fair value of goodwill related to the acquisitions of Dakota Growers
1
1
2
The following table summarizes the provisional amounts recognized related to fiscal 2014 acquisitions as of September&#160;30
 2014
 as well as measurement period adjustments made in the year ended September&#160;30
 2015 (all of which were recorded in the quarter ended March 31
 2015). All purchase price allocations for fiscal 2014 acquisitions are final as of September 30
Acquisition Date Amounts Recognized as of September 30
Adjustments During the Twelve Months Ended September 30
1
1
1
1
3
3
Adjustments during the year ended September 30
(a) As previously reported in Post&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11
(b) The adjustments to &#8220;Receivables
On December 31
 2012
 the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of Attune Foods
&#32;of cash. On May 28
 2013
 the Company completed its acquisition of certain assets of the branded and private label cereal
&#32;of cash. The Company integrated this business with the Attune business and the combined results are reported in the Private Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocations for the Attune and Hearthside acquisitions
&#160;years
&#32;years
On September 3
 2013
&#32;of cash. PNC is reported in Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
&#160;years
&#160;years
&#160;years. During the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital was reached
&#32;and a corresponding increase in goodwill. In addition
 during the second quarter of fiscal 2014
Each of the acquisitions was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the results of operations of each are included in the financial statements from the date of acquisition. The respective purchase prices were allocated to acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the following table. Goodwill represents the value the Company expects to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and the expansion of the business into new growing segments of the industry. The Company expects that the final fair value of goodwill will be fully deductible for U.S. income tax purposes for the Attune and Hearthside acquisitions.  The goodwill generated by Post&#8217;s acquisition of PNC will not be tax deductible for U.S. income tax purposes
 however
During the years ended September 30
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 the Company incurred acquisition related expenses of 
&#160;
 respectively
 recorded as &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; These costs include amounts for transactions that were signed
 spending for due diligence on potential acquisitions that were not signed or announced at the time of the Company&#8217;s annual reporting
 and spending for divestiture transactions. 
&#32;for the periods presented as if the fiscal 2015 acquisitions had occurred on October 1
 2013
 the fiscal 2014 acquisitions had occurred on October&#160;1
 2012 and the fiscal 2013 acquisitions had occurred on October 1
 2011 along with certain pro forma adjustments. These pro forma adjustments give effect to the amortization of certain definite-lived intangible assets
 adjusted depreciation based upon fair value of assets acquired
 interest expense related to the financing of the business combinations
 inventory revaluation adjustment on acquired business and related income taxes. The following unaudited pro forma information has been prepared for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the acquisitions occurred on the assumed dates
5
5
3
Balance
 September 30
1
1
1
1
1
1
Balance
 September 30
1
1
3
1
1
2
Balance
 September 30
1
1
3
1
1
3
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair market value of their identifiable net assets. The Company conducts a goodwill impairment qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The goodwill impairment qualitative assessment requires an assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the business is less than its carrying amount. If adverse qualitative trends are identified that could negatively impact the fair value of the business
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. In fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013
&#32;of the calculation for all reporting units
). The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions
 including estimates regarding future revenue
 profitability
&#32;of the calculation for all reporting units
and EBITDA which stands for earnings before interest
 income taxes
 depreciation
As of September 30
 2015
As of September 30
 2014
&#32;primarily resulting from the acceleration of declines within the branded ready-to-eat cereal category. Additionally
&#32;resulting from reduced near-term profitability related to supply chain disruptions at Dymatize
 which were identified subsequent to the initial valuation at the acquisition date of February 1
 2014
For the year ended September 30
 2013
 the Company conducted an impairment review and concluded that there was no impairment of goodwill as of September 30
Year Ended September&#160;30
Year Ended September&#160;30
State income taxes
Other
&#32;related to the non-deductible goodwill impairment loss
&#32;resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of Internal Revenue Code (&#8220;IRC&#8221;) section 162(m)
&#32;resulting from non-deductible outside service expenses incurred in relation to merger and acquisition transactions
&#32;resulting from recording valuation allowances against the net deferred tax assets of various subsidiaries
&#32;resulting from the receipt of non-taxable interest income
&#32;related to the non-deductible goodwill impairment loss
&#32;resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of IRC section 162(m)
&#32;resulting from non-deductible outside service expenses incurred in relation to merger and acquisition transactions
&#32;&#32;resulting from recording a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of a Canadian subsidiary
&#32;of incremental tax expense resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of IRC section 162(m)
For fiscal 2015 and 2013
 the effective tax rate was reduced by the effects of the Domestic Production Activities Deduction (&#8220;DPAD&#8221;) of 
September 30
September 30
Accrued vacation
Net operating loss carryforwards
Total gross deferred income taxes
Net operating loss carryforwards
Total gross deferred income taxes
(1
(1
(1
As of September 30
 2015
 Post had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards totaling approximately 
Certain of these NOLs and carryforwards were acquired through acquisitions made during fiscal 2013 and 2014. As a result of these ownership changes
 the deductibility of the NOLs is subject to limitation under section 382 of the IRC and similar limitations under state tax law. Giving consideration to the section 382 and state limitations
&#32;at September 30
For fiscal 2015
 2014 and 2013
 foreign income (loss) before income taxes was 
 
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent the Company&#8217;s assessment of such tax positions changes
Unrecognized tax benefits activity for the years ended September&#160;30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
The amount of the net unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
&#32;at September&#160;30
 2015. The Company believes that
 due to expiring statutes of limitations and settlements with authorities
&#32;at September 30
 2015 and September 30
 2014
 respectively. The Company had net expense of approximately 
&#32;for interest and penalties in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30
 2015
 2014 and 2013
Based on the provisions of the Tax Allocation Agreement between Post and its former owner
 the former owner retained responsibility for income tax liabilities and income tax returns related to all periods prior to the separation date of February 3
 2012. U.S. federal
 U.S. state and Canadian income tax returns for the tax years ended September 30
 2014
For the acquisitions made in 2015
 2014 and 2013
 the seller generally retained responsibility for all income tax liabilities through the date of acquisition. With respect to the Michael Foods acquisition
 Post assumed all income tax liabilities for those jurisdictions which remain subject to examination
 consisting of tax years 2012 through the short year ended June 2
 2014
Basic (loss) earnings per share is based on the average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted (loss) earnings per share is based on the average number of shares used for the basic per share calculation
of stock options
 stock appreciation rights and restricted stock equivalents using the &#8220;treasury stock&#8221; method. The impact of potentially dilutive convertible preferred stock is calculated using the &#8220;if-converted&#8221; method. The Company&#8217;s tangible equity units (&#8220;TEUs&#8221;) (see Note 18) are assumed to be settled at the minimum settlement amount for weighted-average shares for basic (loss) earnings per share. For diluted (loss) earnings per share
 the shares
 to the extent dilutive
Year ended September 30
Year ended September 30
Year Ended September 30
September 30
Receivables
September 30
Balance
Write-offs
Balance
In the ordinary course of business
 the Company is exposed to commodity price risks relating to the acquisition of raw materials and supplies
 interest rate risks relating to floating rate debt
 and foreign currency exchange rate risks relating to its foreign subsidiaries. The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments
 including (but not limited to) futures contracts
 option contracts
 forward contracts and swaps
The Company maintains options
 futures contracts and interest rate swaps which have been designated as economic hedges of raw materials
As of September 30
 2015
 the notional amounts of commodity contracts and energy futures were 
&#32;months. At September 30
 2015 and September 30
 2014
 the Company had pledged collateral of 
 respectively
As of September 30
 2015
&#32;and receive one-month LIBOR and will result in cash payments beginning in June 2016 and ending in May 2021. In addition
The following tables present the balance sheet location and fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative instruments on a gross and net basis as of September 30
Fair Value of Assets as of September 30
Fair Value of Liabilities as of September 30
Fair Value of Liabilities as of September 30
The following table presents the recognized (gain) or loss from derivative instruments that were not designated as qualified hedging instruments on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30
 
Selling
September 30
September 30
The following table represents the fair value of Post&#8217;s long-term debt which is not recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
September 30
September 30
4
2
4
3
The fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value that are either observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources
&#160;&#8212; Inputs are quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in an active market
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
The deferred compensation investment is invested primarily in mutual funds and its fair value is measured using the market approach. This investment is in the same funds and purchased in substantially the same amounts as the participants&#8217; selected investment options (excluding Post common stock equivalents)
 which represent the underlying liabilities to participants in the Company&#8217;s deferred compensation plans. Deferred compensation liabilities are recorded at amounts due to participants in cash
distributed in shares) using the market approach. The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its derivative assets
As stated previously (see Note 4)
 the Company has land
 building and equipment classified as assets held for sale as of September 30
 2015 and 2014 related to the closure of its Modesto
 California facility as well as equipment held for sale at September 30
 2015 related to the closure of its Dymatize facility. At September 30
 2015 and September 30
 2014
 the carrying value and estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell of the assets held for sale was&#160;
 respectively
&#160;and is included in &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The&#160;fair value&#160;of the assets held for sale&#160;related to the Modesto
 California facility were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis based on a third-party offer to purchase the facility. The&#160;fair value&#160;of the assets held for sale&#160;related to the Dymatize machinery and equipment was measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis based on information provided by external sources
 along with management&#8217;s own assumptions. The&#160;fair value&#160;measurement was categorized as&#160;Level 3
The carrying amounts reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and cash equivalents
September 30
1
1
4
3
Plus: Unamortized premium (discount)
4
3
On February 3
 2012
&#32;senior notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of February 3
 2012 among the Company
 Post Foods
 LLC
 as guarantor
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
On October 25
 2012
&#32;of par value. On July 18
 2013
On November 18
 2013
 the Company issued 
 which will be deferred and amortized to interest expense over the terms of the notes. On March 19
 2014
 the Company issued an additional 
On June 2
 2014
 the Company issued 
On August 18
 2015
$1
187.9
All of the Company&#8217;s senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed
 jointly and severally
 on a senior unsecured basis by each of our existing and future material domestic subsidiaries
On January 29
 2014
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;) among the Company
 the institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders (the &#8220;Lenders&#8221;)
 Barclays Bank PLC
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners
 Barclays Bank PLC
 as Syndication Agent
 Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch and Goldman Sachs Bank USA
 as Documentation Agents
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. The Credit Agreement
 together with a Joinder Agreement No. 1
 dated May 1
 2014
&#32;(the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) and potential incremental revolving and term facilities at the request of the Company and at the discretion of the Lenders
&#32;to 1.00. The outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility must be repaid on or before January 29
&#32;at September 30
&#32;for Base Rate-based loans
On June 2
 2014
 the Company entered into a Joinder Agreement No. 2 (the &#8220;Joinder No. 2&#8221;)
 by and among Barclays Bank PLC
 the Company and the guarantors party thereto
 and consented to by Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent. The Joinder No. 2 provided for
 upon completion of the acquisition of Michael Foods and subject to certain other conditions
&#32;(the &#8220;Prior Term Loan&#8221;) under the Company&#8217;s existing Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Joinder No. 2
On March 6
 2015
 the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement. On May 4
 2015
 Post entered into a Joinder Agreement No. 3 (the &#8220;Joinder No. 3&#8221;)
 by and among Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch
 the Company and the guarantors party thereto
 and consented to by Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent. The Joinder No. 3 provided for
 in connection with the completion of the Company&#8217;s acquisition of MOM Brands
&#32;of issuance costs in connection with the Credit Agreement and the New Term Loan as of September 30
 2015. The outstanding amounts under the New Term Loan bear interest at the same rate as the outstanding amounts under the Prior Term Loan. On May 4
 2015
 Wells Fargo Bank
&#32;senior notes
 together with the net proceeds from the August 18
$1
&#32;of the Prior Term Loan and the New Term Loan outstanding under the Credit Agreement. As a result of this repayment
 the Company is no longer required to make quarterly term loan principal installment payments. In connection with the early repayment of the term loan
&#32;of deferred financing fees and unamortized debt discount in the year ended September
 30
&#32;The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for agreements of this type
 including delivery of financial and other information
 compliance with laws
 maintenance of property
 existence
 insurance and books and records
 inspection rights
 obligation to provide collateral and guarantees by new subsidiaries
 limitations with respect to indebtedness
 liens
 fundamental changes
 restrictive agreements
 use of proceeds
 amendments of organization documents
 accounting changes
 prepayments and amendments of indebtedness
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 transactions with affiliates
 dividends and redemptions or repurchases of stock
 capital expenditures
&#160;to 1.00
&#160;to 1.00. With limited exceptions
 the Credit Agreement permits the Company to incur additional unsecured debt only if its consolidated interest coverage ratio
 calculated as provided in the Credit Agreement
The Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default
 including material breach of representations and warranties
 failure to make required payments
 failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants
 failure to pay
 or default under
 certain other material indebtedness
 certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency
 inability to pay debts
 the occurrence of one or more unstayed or undischarged judgments in excess of 
 or attachments issued against a material part of the Company&#8217;s property
 change in control
 the invalidity of any loan document
 the failure of the collateral documents to create a valid and perfected first priority lien and certain ERISA events. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 the maturity of the loans under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated and the agent and lenders under the Credit Agreement may exercise other rights and remedies available at law or under the loan documents
In February 2014
&#32;of financing fees to the underwriters of a financing commitment the Company entered into in September 2013 to fund our acquisition of Dakota Growers. The commitment was not exercised and the Company expensed the full amount to interest expense in the year ended September 30
 2014. In addition
&#32;for the portion of the term loan commitment not used were immediately recorded to interest expense during the year ended September 30
In connection with the acquisition of Michael Foods
&#32;2012 Series Bond guarantees the repayment of certain industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of the wastewater treatment facility in Wakefield
&#32;and matures September&#160;15
 2017. The secured notes
 which had a maturity date of November 30
 2014 and were secured by equipment used in Michael Foods&#8217; potato products facility
 were paid in full on November 28
At September 30
 2015
 capital leases consisted of a lease
 with an outstanding balance of 
 on Michael Foods&#8217; Winnipeg
 Manitoba egg products processing facility which expires August&#160;31
The terms of the Credit Facility require the Company to comply with certain financial covenants consisting of ratios for maximum senior secured leverage and minimum interest expense coverage. As of September 30
 2015
In late 2008 and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal&#160;courts against Michael Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
 alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale of shell eggs and egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &#8220;opt-out&#8221; cases
 brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert the same allegations as in the main action. The opt-out cases are also pending in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania where they are being treated as related to the main action. On September 18
 2015
 the court denied the motion of the Indirect Purchaser Plaintiffs for class certification. On September 21
 2015
 the court granted the motion of the Direct Purchaser Plaintiffs to certify a shell-egg subclass
Michael Foods received a Civil Investigative Demand (&#8220;CID&#8221;) issued by the Florida Attorney General on November 27
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &#8220;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&#8221; The CID requested information and documents related to the pricing and supply of shell eggs and egg products
Post does not believe it is possible to estimate the possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 the Company cannot predict what impact
 if any
&#160;The Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 based upon the information presently known
 the ultimate liability
 if any
 arising from such pending legal proceedings
 as well as from asserted legal claims and known potential legal claims which are likely to be asserted
 taking into account established accruals for estimated liabilities (if any)
 are not expected to be material individually and in the aggregate to the consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. In addition
 while it is difficult to estimate the potential financial impact of actions regarding expenditures for compliance with regulatory matters
 in the opinion of management
 based upon the information currently available
 the ultimate liability arising from such compliance matters is not expected to be material to the consolidated financial position
Post&#8217;s operations are also subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters
 including air quality
 wastewater discharge and pretreatment
 storm water
 waste handling and disposal
 and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. In the United States
 the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. The Company&#8217;s foreign facilities are subject to local and national regulations similar to those applicable to us in the United States. Additionally
 many of the Michael Foods facilities discharge wastewater pursuant to wastewater discharge permits. The Company disposes of waste from its internal egg production primarily by transferring it to farmers for use as fertilizer and disposes of solid waste from potato processing primarily by transferring it to one or more processors who convert it to animal feed. Post has made
 and will continue to make
September&#160;30
 2015
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
&#32;and thereafter
The Company maintains qualified defined benefit plans in the United States and Canada for our Post Foods business. Certain of the Company&#8217;s employees are eligible to participate in the Company&#8217;s qualified and supplemental noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans (partially subsidized retiree health and life insurance) or separate plans for Post Foods Canada Inc. The following disclosures reflect amounts related to the Company&#8217;s employees based on separate actuarial valuations
Effective January&#160;1
 2011
September&#160;30
 2015
September 30
September 30
The accumulated benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of plan assets for the domestic pension plans at September 30
 2015 and September 30
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
Year Ended September 30
Year Ended September 30
For pension benefits
 the estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost (credit) expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost during 2016 related to pension benefits are 
 respectively. The corresponding amounts related to other postretirement benefits are 
The expected return on pension plan assets was determined based on historical and expected future returns of the various asset classes
&#32;foreign equities)
&#32;debt securities
&#32;cash. At September&#160;30
 2015
 equity securities were 
 debt securities were 
&#32;of the fair value of total plan assets
&#32;of which was invested in passive index funds. At September&#160;30
 2014
 equity securities were 
 debt securities were 
&#32;of the fair value of total plan assets
The following table represents the pension plan&#8217;s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the basis for that measurement (for more information on the fair value framework in ASC Topic 820
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
&#32;measurement purposes
&#32;for participants under the age of 65 and over the age of 65
 respectively
September&#160;30
&#32;measurement purposes
&#32;for participants under the age of 65 and over the age of 65
 respectively
September&#160;30
&#32;measurement purposes
 the assumed annual rate of increase in the future per capita cost of covered health care benefits related to Canadian plans for the following fiscal year was 
 respectively
&#32;and beyond for the year ended September 30
&#32;and beyond for the year ended September 30
September&#160;30
 2015
In addition to the above expected benefit payments
In addition to the defined benefit plans described above
 the Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) plan under which it makes matching contributions. The Company expensed $
&#32;for the fiscal years ended September&#160;30
 
 
On February 3
 2012
&#32;million shares. The Plan allows the issuance of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares
 restricted stock
&#32;years
 provided
 however
 that the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may
 in its discretion
 grant awards with a longer term to participants who are located outside the United States.
 
 
 respectively
 and the related recognized deferred tax benefit for each of those periods was approximately 
 
September&#160;30
 2015
 the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards not yet  recognized was 
In connection with an employee retirement and reorganization initiatives in fiscal 2015
&#32;employees. As a result of this acceleration
&#32;of incremental stock-based compensation expense in the year ended September 30
Information about stock-settled stock appreciation rights (&#8220;SSAR&#8221;) is summarized in the following table. Upon exercise of each SSAR
 the holder will receive the number of shares of Post common stock equal in value to the difference between the exercise price and the fair market value at the date of exercise
 less all applicable taxes. The Company uses shares from the Plan to settle SSARs exercised. The total intrinsic value of SSARs exercised was 
September 30

 
Outstanding at September 30
266
40
(64
Outstanding at September 30
242
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
242
Exercisable at September 30
157
In 2015
 2014 and 2013
40
000
30
35
&#32;SSARs
 respectively
 to its non-management members of the Board of Directors. Due to vesting provisions of these awards the Company determined that these awards had subjective acceleration rights such that the Company expensed the grant date fair value upon issuance and recognized 
September 30

 
The following table provides the weighted-average grant date fair value of SSARs granted calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which uses assumptions of expected life (term)
 expected stock price volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected dividends (collectively
 the &#8220;Black-Scholes Model&#8221;). The expected term is estimated based on the award&#8217;s vesting period and contractual term
 along with historical exercise behavior on similar awards. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S.&#160;Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. The weighted average assumptions and grant date fair values for SSARs granted during fiscal years ended 
&#32;are summarized in the table below. For SSARs granted to Company employees prior to the separation from its former owner
Outstanding at September 30
20
100
(1
Outstanding at September 30
119
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
119
Exercisable at September 30
19
The fair value of each cash settled stock appreciation right (&#8220;SAR&#8221;) was estimated each reporting period using the Black-Scholes Model. The expected term is estimated based on the award&#8217;s vesting period and contractual term
 along with historical exercise behavior on similar awards. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S.&#160;Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. The following table presents the assumptions used to remeasure the fair value of outstanding SARs at September 30
 2015
Outstanding at September 30
3
020
1
625
(470
Outstanding at September 30
4
175
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
4
175
Exercisable at September 30
2
083
The fair value of each stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Model. The Company uses the simplified method for estimating a stock option term as it does not have sufficient historical share options exercise experience upon which to estimate an expected term. The expected term is estimated based on the award&#8217;s vesting period and contractual term
September 30

Nonvested at September 30
228
227
(217
(7
Nonvested at September 30
230
217
638
104
166
 
 
Nonvested at September 30
174
110
(58
(15
Nonvested at September 30
209
Cash settled restricted stock awards are liability awards and as such
 their fair value is based upon the closing price of the Company&#8217;s stock for each reporting period
49
000
September 30

 
&#32;matching contribution. Deferrals into the Equity Option are distributed in Post stock for employees and cash for directors
 while deferrals into the Vanguard Funds are distributed in cash. There are no significant costs related to this deferred compensation plan. Post funds its deferred compensation liability (potential cash distributions) by investing in the Vanguard Funds in the same amounts as selected by the participating employees. Both realized and unrealized gains and losses on these investments are included in &#8220;Selling
In May 2014
&#32;TEUs
. Each TEU is comprised of a prepaid stock purchase contract and a senior amortizing note due June 1
 2017. The prepaid common stock purchase contracts were recorded as additional paid-in capital
 net of issuance costs
long-term debt. Issuance costs associated with the debt component were recorded as deferred financing costs within &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; and &#8220;Other assets&#8221; on the consolidated balance sheets and are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the instrument to June 1
 2017. Post allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the TEUs to equity and debt based on the relative fair values of the respective components of each TEU. The proceeds received in the offering were 
 which were net of financing fees of 
&#160;per annum and has a final installment payment date on June 1
&#160;per amortizing note on March&#160;1
 June 1
 September&#160;1 and December&#160;1 of each year. Payments commenced on September&#160;1
 2014. Each installment constitutes a payment of interest and a partial repayment of principal. Unless settled earlier at the holder&#8217;s or the Company&#8217;s option
 each purchase contract will automatically settle on June 1
 2017 (subject to postponement in certain limited circumstances)
&#32;shares of its common stock per purchase contract
 each subject to adjustment. For each purchase contract
&#160;consecutive trading day period beginning on
 and including
 the 22nd scheduled trading day immediately preceding June&#160;1
&#160;per share (the &#8220;threshold appreciation price&#8221;)
 subject to adjustment
&#160;shares of common stock
&#160;per share
 subject to adjustment
&#160;per share (the &#8220;reference price&#8221;)
 subject to adjustment
&#160;per share
 subject to adjustment
&#160;shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment (the &#8220;maximum settlement rate&#8221;)
In fiscal 2014
per annum payable quarterly on February 15
 May 15
 August 15 and November 15
February 15
 2014. The preferred stock is non-voting and ranks senior to our outstanding common stock upon the Company&#8217;s dissolution or liquidation. The preferred stock has no maturity date; however
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock per share of convertible preferred stock
per share of common stock. Additionally
 on or after February 15
 2019
of the liquidation preference per share
In March 2014
In May 2014
In February 2015
On May 4
 2015
&#32;shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the former owners of MOM Brands. The shares were valued at the May 1
In August 2015
 the Company issued 
September 30

 
During the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 the Company reorganized its management reporting and realigned its reportable segments in accordance with ASC 280
 &#8220;Segment Reporting.&#8221; At September 30
 2015
Michael Foods Group: including the predominantly foodservice and food ingredient egg
Active Nutrition: including protein shakes
Private Brands: primarily consisting of peanut and other nut butters
 dried fruit and nuts
Management evaluates each segment&#8217;s performance based on its segment profit
 which is its operating profit before impairment of property and intangible assets
 facility closure related costs
 restructuring expenses
 losses on assets held for sale
 gain on sale of plant and other unallocated corporate income and expenses. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 the Company changed its methodology for allocating certain corporate costs to segment profit. Accordingly
 segment profit for the years ended September 30
September&#160;30
 2015
 the majority of Post&#8217;s tangible long-lived assets were located in the United States; the remainder is located primarily in Canada and has a net carrying value of approximately 
September 30

 
 one customer accounted for 
 
 respectively
 or approximately 
&#32;of total net sales
The following tables present information about the Company&#8217;s operating segments
Year Ended September 30
1
2
4
2
1
Other expense
September 30
Assets
3
2
3
3
9
7
All of the Company&#8217;s senior notes (see Note 14) are fully and unconditionally guaranteed
 jointly and severally
 on a senior unsecured basis by each of our existing 100% owned domestic subsidiaries and future domestic subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Guarantors.&#8221; Our foreign subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Non-Guarantors
Set forth below are the condensed consolidating financial statements presenting the results of operations
 financial position and cash flows of the Parent Company (Post Holdings
 Inc.)
 the Guarantors on a combined basis
 the Non-Guarantors on a combined basis and eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the Company as reported
 on a consolidated basis. The Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements present the Parent Company&#8217;s investments in subsidiaries using the equity method of accounting. Eliminations represent adjustments to eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions between or among the Parent Company
 the Guarantor and the Non-Guarantor subsidiaries. Post Holdings
 Inc. and all of its domestic subsidiaries form a single consolidated tax group for U.S. income tax purposes. Accordingly
POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
4
4
3
3
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Year Ended September 30
2
2
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Year Ended September 30
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
POST HOLDINGS
September 30
Receivables
1
Property
1
1
2
3
Other intangible assets
2
2
1
(1
6
(6
8
7
(7
9
4
4
1
(1
5
1
(1
6
2
6
(6
2
8
7
(7
9
September 30
Receivables
1
Property
2
2
Other intangible assets
2
2
1
(1
5
(5
7
6
(6
7
3
3
1
(1
4
1
(1
5
2
5
(5
2
7
6
(6
7
POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
(1
(1
(1
1
1
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
(1
(1
Other
1
1
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
(3
(3
(3
(3
2
2
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
Other
3
3
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Other
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
1
1
1
1
1
On October 3
 2015
 the Company completed the previously announced acquisition of Willamette Egg Farms
 LLC (&#8220;Willamette Egg&#8221;) for 
 subject to net working capital and other adjustments. Willamette Egg is a producer
 processor and wholesale distributor of eggs and egg products. Willamette Egg produces shell eggs
 specialty shell eggs (including cage-free and organic eggs) and value-added egg products (including liquid and hard cooked eggs). Upon completion of the acquisition
The transaction will be accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. The Company will record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Due to the limited time since closing of the acquisition
 the valuation efforts and related acquisition accounting are incomplete at the time of filing of the consolidated financial statements. As a result
 the Company is unable to provide amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for major classes of assets and liabilities acquired
 including goodwill. In addition
 because the acquisition accounting is incomplete
 the Company is unable to provide the supplemental pro forma revenue and earnings for the combined entity
Our management
 with the Executive Chairman
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
 our Executive Chairman
 CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of the end of the period covered by this report
&#32;During fiscal 2015
We have excluded PowerBar and MOM Brands
 which were purchase business combinations
 from our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. ABC has been integrated into the Company&#8217;s existing peanut butter business and therefore has been included in our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Total assets excluding goodwill (which is included in control testing) and total third party revenues for PowerBar and MOM Brands represent $1
110.5 million
 or 12%
 of consolidated assets and $466.1 million
 or 10%
 of consolidated revenues
As of September 30
 2015
. Management&#8217;s assessment included an evaluation of the design of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting. Based on management's assessment utilizing these criteria
 our management concluded that
 as of September 30
 2015
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30
 2015 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 as stated in their report
We evaluated the changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30
 2015 and concluded that the following activity has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
In connection with our fiscal 2015 acquisitions of PowerBar and MOM Brands
 management is in the process of analyzing
 evaluating and
 where necessary
 implementing changes in controls and procedures. As a result
 the process may result in additions or changes to the Company's internal control over financial reporting. PowerBar and MOM Brands are excluded from management's report on internal control over financial reporting as of September 30
ITEM 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
The information regarding directors under the headings &#8220;Election of Directors &#8211; Information about the Current Directors and Nominees for Election to the Board of Directors
&#8221; &#8220;Corporate Governance &#8211; Board Meetings and Committees
The Company has adopted a code of ethics
 our &#8220;Global Standards of Business Conduct
&#8221; applicable to all corporate officers and employees
 which sets forth the Company&#8217;s expectations for the conduct of business by officers and employees. The directors have adopted
 and are required to abide by
 the Directors Code of Ethics. Both documents are available on the Company&#8217;s website at www.postholdings.com. In the event the Company modifies either document or waivers of compliance are granted to officers or directors
Information appearing under the headings &#8220;Compensation of Officers and Directors
ITEM&#160;13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September&#160;30
 2015
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended September 30
 2015
Consolidated Balance Sheets at September&#160;30
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for years ended September&#160;30
 2015
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders&#8217; Equity for the years ended September&#160;30
 2015
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 Post Holdings
 Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
POST HOLDINGS
November&#160;25
KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS
 that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeff A. Zadoks and Diedre J. Gray and each of them
 his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent
 with full power of substitution and resolution
 for him and in his name
 place
 and stead
 in any and all capacities
 to sign any and all amendments to this report
 and to file the same
 with all exhibits thereto
 and other documents in connection therewith
 with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises
 as fully and to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person
 hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
November&#160;25
Director
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
November&#160;25
Stock and Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated as of February 3
 2014
 by and among Gerber Products Company
 Nestl&#233; Australia Ltd
 Nestl&#233; Deutschland AG
 Post Acquisition Sub IV
 Inc.
 Post Australia Pty Ltd and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 9
Intellectual Property Purchase and License Agreement
 dated as of February 3
 2014
 by and among Soci&#233;t&#233; des Produits Nestl&#233; S.A.
 Nestec S.A.
 Post Acquisition Sub IV
 Inc. and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to the Company's Form 10-Q filed on May 9
Agreement and Plan of Merger among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 Acquisition Sub
 Inc.
 MFI Holding Corporation and GS Capital Partners VI Fund
 L.P. dated as of April 16
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on April 17
Stock Purchase Agreement by and among American Blanching Company
 ABC Peanut Butter
 LLC
 Nuts Distributor of America Inc. and Post Holdings
 Inc. dated as of August 7
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.12 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on November 28
Agreement and Plan of Merger among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 Acquisition Sub
 Inc.
 MOM Brands Company and Shareholder Representative Services LLC dated as of January 25
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on January 26
Membership Interest Purchase Agreement
 dated as of September 22
 2015
 by and among M.G. Waldbaum Company
 and the sellers and owners named therein (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on September 23
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Indenture dated as of February 3
 2012 by and among the Company
 the Guarantors (as defined) and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 8
Certificate of Designation
 Preferences and Rights of 3.75% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 26
Indenture dated as of November 18
 2013 by and among the Company
 the Guarantors (as defined) and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 18
Certificate of Designation
 Preferences and Rights of 2.5% Series C Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 16
Senior Indenture dated May 28
 2014
 between Post Holdings
 Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 28
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated May 28
 2014
 between Post Holdings
 Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association
 as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 28
Purchase Contract Agreement
 dated May 28
 2014
 between Post Holdings
 Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 28
Indenture dated as of June 2
 2014 by and among the Company
 the Guarantors (as defined) and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on June 2
Indenture (2024 Notes)
 dated as of August 18
 2015
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on August 18
Indenture (2025 Notes)
 dated as of August 18
 2015
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K/A filed on August 21
Form of Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10
 filed January 25
Post Holdings
 Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Form of Stock-Settled Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Form of Non-Management Director Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Form of Non-Management Director Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Post Holdings
 Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Employees
 as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Post Holdings
 Inc. Executive Savings Investment Plan
 restated August 15
 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on December 13
Post Holdings
 Inc. Supplemental Retirement Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 2
Post Holdings
 Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Management Directors
 as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on September 14
Employment Agreement dated as of May 29
 2012 by and between William P. Stiritz and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 31
Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Mr. Stiritz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 31
Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Other Executive Officers of the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 31
Restricted Stock Unit Agreement for Mr. Stiritz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 31
Key Management Bonus Program
 as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on September 14
Form of Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on August 9
Amendment to Tax Allocation Agreement dated as of September 26
 2012 by and between Ralcorp Holdings
 Inc. and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on December 13
Form of Cliff Vesting Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 26
Form of Cliff Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on November 26
Second Amendment to the Post Holdings
 Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Employees effective August 24
 2012 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on May 13
Third Amendment to the Post Holdings
 Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Key Employees effective January 29
 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on May 13
First Amendment to the Post Holdings
 Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Management Directors effective January 29
 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on May 13
First Amendment to the Post Holdings
 Inc. Executive Savings Plan for Non-Management Directors effective January 29
 2013 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on May 13
Post Holdings
 Inc. 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 1
Purchase Agreement by and among the Company
 Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. LLC
 Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 as Initial Purchasers
 relating to the sale by the Company of 3.75% Series B Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 26
Amendment One to Employment Agreement dated October 15
 2013 by and between William P. Stiritz and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 17
Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Mr. Stiritz (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 17
Form of amended Stock-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 17
Form of amended Cash-Settled Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on October 17
Purchase Agreement
 dated December 10
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Barclays Capital Inc. and Goldman Sachs &amp; Co.
 as the Initial Purchasers
 relating to the sale by the Company of 2.5% Series C Cumulative Perpetual Convertible Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on December 16
Credit Agreement
 dated January 29
 2014
 among the Post Holdings
 Inc.
 the institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders
 Barclays Bank PLC
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners
 Barclays Bank PLC
 as Syndication Agent
 Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Island Branch and Goldman Sachs Bank USA
 as Documentation Agents
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on February 3
Commitment Letter of Barclays Bank PLC
 Credit Suisse AG
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 WF Investment Holdings
 LLC
 Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC and Post Holdings
 Inc.
 dated April 16
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on April 17
First Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 1
 2014
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 in its capacity as Administrative Agent
 and the Required Lenders and the Guarantors party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 5
Joinder Agreement No. 1
 dated as of May 1
 2014
 by and among Bank of America
 N.A.
 Barclays Bank PLC
 BMO Harris Financing Inc.
 Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA
 Nomura Corporate Funding Americas
 LLC and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 Post Holdings
 Inc.
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as administrative agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 5
Joinder Agreement to Commitment Letter
 dated as of May 2
 2014
 by and among Barclays Bank PLC
 Credit Suisse AG Cayman Islands Branch
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 WF Investment Holdings
 LLC
 Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 Goldman Sachs Lending Partners LLC
 Bank of Montreal
 BMO Capital Markets Corp.
 Nomura Corporate Funding Americas
 LLC
 Merrill Lynch
 Pierce
 Fenner &amp; Smith Incorporated
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 SunTrust Robinson Humphrey
 Inc.
 SunTrust Bank
 Co&#246;peratieve Centrale Raiffeisen-Boerenleenbank B.A.
 &#8220;Rabobank Nederland&#8221;
 New York Branch
 PNC Bank
 National Association
 PNC Capital Markets LLC
 Stifel Bank &amp; Trust and CoBank
 ACB and Post Holdings
 Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 5
Joinder Agreement No. 2
 dated as of June 2
 2014
 by and among the Company
 the Guarantors (as defined) party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC and consented to by Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on June 2
Form of Cash-Settled Long-Term Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on August 8
Separation and Release Agreement by and between the Company and Terence E. Block effective November 1
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on November 28
Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement for Mr. Stiritz dated October 9
 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on November 28
Amendment Two to Employment Agreement dated October 9
 2014 by and between William P. Stiritz and the Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K filed on November 28
Commitment Letter of Credit Suisse AG
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 and Barclays Bank PLC
 and Post Holdings
 Inc.
 dated January 25
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on January 26
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement
 dated as of March 6
 2015
 by and among Post Holdings
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 in its capacity as Administrative Agent
 and the Required Lenders and the Guarantors party thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on March 10
Separation and Release Agreement by and between the Company and James L. Holbrook effective March 13
 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company&#8217;s Form 10-Q filed on May 8
Registration Rights Agreement
 dated as of May 4
 2015
 among the Company
 Shareholder Representative Services LLC and certain shareholders of MOM Brands (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 4
Joinder Agreement No. 3
 dated as of May 4
 2015
 by and among Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch
 the Company and the Guarantors (as defined) party thereto
 and consented to by Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 4
Senior Management Bonus Program (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 8
Form of Management Continuity Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 8
Form of Cash-Settled Stock Appreciation Right Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on May 8
Executive Severance Plan effective August 3
 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Form 8-K filed on August 5
Side Letter Agreement
 dated October 1
 2015
 by and between Post Holdings
 Inc. and James E. Dwyer
Certification of William P. Stiritz pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 25
Certification of Robert V. Vitale pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 25
Certification of Jeff A. Zadoks pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 25
Certification of William P. Stiritz
 Robert V. Vitale and Jeff A. Zadoks
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 dated November 25
These exhibits constitute management contracts
 compensatory plans and arrangements.














		


SUBSIDIARIES OF POST HOLDINGS
Post Foods
Attune Foods
Dakota Growers Pasta Company
Primo Piatto
DNA Dreamfields Company
GB Acquisition USA
Golden Boy Portales
Golden Acquisition Sub
Dymatize Holdings
Dymatize Enterprises
Supreme Protein
Custom Nutriceutical Laboratories
Post Acquisition Sub IV
Michael Foods Group
Michael Foods
Michael Foods of Delaware
Farm Fresh Foods
MFI International
Casa Trucking
Papetti&#8217;s Hygrade Egg Products
MFI Food Asia
MFOSI
MOM Brands Company
MOM Brands Ssales
 LLC














		


We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-179316 and No.333-179315) and Form S-3 (No. 333-194459 and No. 333-204057) of Post Holdings
November&#160;25
&#32;relating to the financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
St. Louis
November&#160;25
 2015














		


I
 William P. Stiritz
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Post Holdings
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
November&#160;25
 2015














		


I
 Robert V. Vitale
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Post Holdings
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
November&#160;25
 2015














		


I
 Jeff A. Zadoks
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Post Holdings
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
November&#160;25
 2015














		


U.S.C. Section 1350
The undersigned
 the Executive Chairman of Post Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 hereby certifies that
the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30
 2015
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;25
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Post Holdings
 Inc. and will be retained by Post Holdings
U.S.C. Section 1350
The undersigned
 the President and Chief Executive Officer of Post Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 hereby certifies that
the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September 30
 2015
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;25
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Post Holdings
 Inc. and will be retained by Post Holdings
U.S.C. Section 1350
The undersigned
 the SVP and Chief Financial Officer of Post Holdings
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 hereby certifies that
the annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended September&#160;30
 2015
information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
November&#160;25
A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Post Holdings
 Inc. and will be retained by Post Holdings
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.








begin 644 postfy2015_chart-29448.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#^_BBBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

MQY\







\C2 'V_X@_X*K1^%?G_!3VYUGXZE+XW_X)@?#G0/B

M .FWGAW5+O0KB8W6C:S#J








GQ+U+

MC1^U;^T-^R[^SQ\.]






EKXHT?4M.GGU/BOVI/\







OV*/VT/V
OV0/@/^R%X(^./[/\ ?:'\




Q
M2W<=M' 0#U7]J[_@I9XI_99'[.=SJWP&\+^)M)_:B_;ET?\ 8O\ AGKG_]&


]MJ'@3X@^!==U

MF_\ !1C_ ()UZO\ MH:-^Q1X=\&^(/AGX7\
?LB?M4_#?]I*Y\(?$KP5JWCS
MPO\ $K2/AKX




:


M?&#7])_:

M%-[K7F-AH/Q%\/\ Q


MO#W[1W@+XMBSUKQ-X

\8:JGVK0;




_;



?I^%?C_6=(^(U_P(?$VC:3'IL$EXL&I7
VGSQ+=VCQR1?M%?\%)?
MCG^S3J/[)6F_$#]CC2]
N?VOOVG/@=^RAX)L=3_:
MK75?#7Q&^+?PUL?%VN
M:SXHM=)^#/B&P_X0?P%XPA\6^ )-3TK5KW7O$Y\*GQ3IOANRTW6]/M%\E\:?




J4 8
MGB?_ (+A^&O#W['O[(O[=T7[*'QQO?V=?V@%\1:Q\9KJ1[:'XE_LO_#;P=XP

MK'\&OC?IWQF;XBZMX;C\.:KX$\


M[



M7U2_O[RST^VC@ME&R)KS4)[:R@DNYWALK=[FXAA^TW

_9<U/XE)\5[^Z^*USXN7]K;X-?ML/.?'
MJ0V




R6/VN5)K6^TR2M^U#_P $G=4\5Z#X
MSMOV8OBKJGPTUGXS_M::M^US\=M6\;:/\)_BZ/%?CS4OA5/\)1::'X*^-/P=
M^)'PRM-?1KBSNKK2[WP]&]B^AVLFB7D4M[J%O=?6WQ _89M/VG/V#XOV)/V









UC]LW3_V2_$GQ'T/

TW0/;^(%\,:!I.EVOL'_#JK]F/XYVG
MQ[LI_BAI?B&P_:CO?VT;/PKI?CF.Q\ 0?M
:[\*[?X/^
/BC_P (]#H0NIM0

DU+68M1 /AGX'_ /!=+]G_ $?]F7P'


MO+KQ%XPT'7[FTO\ X


2)6%K/_  3=_:1T_P#;-\/_

^#-

M$7PGLOC=X

\.0K<6=W=?!7[3O[=?Q6^ 7_!4
MWX4_ B]\0A_V9[G]@3]I#]K/XC^%])\%^&]5\;WVM_ G5I8TLO#?B'49;XB



MA7USI6K6TA_-MO\ @BM^Q'=?#SQK\+=9T?XF:]X





M



MF^



'Q3\-:M^P?XB^(VJ?L\^-K7XC70\;Z+X:^+NLZIKWQ
^&'




M/AEXM=U23P_K]_;^#M9


+JFI^(=6
M\0IXDO\ 7-'\2:[I5^ ??[-_P#P51^*OQ7_ &QO@;\*O$/AK0/^%:?M/_'W



\_P =OW@8VOCJ+7_ (W^
M+?#INM4O;[0_!/BW]IG6_WB;]HGQ/X-T:X9H-$UOXR^(_!GA[6O&=VLERK7


M59W6FVEIJ/Q#^S7_ 





6MZ







M/ __  1C_8J\#Z)X7\*PZ/\ $GQ#X0\+?!+]JW]GF'PKXG^(=[J&D:M\*?VT
)M=O;W3M6CU*VU/P]&MM;:3<PP6Z*?<_P!D



M






M(;(W*1UQ'[.G_!'+X9^'OV6?A3\-_C_K_B_5/CEIG[





M=_@WP_X'^-WAZ.2\T:?4!X=LM'\+:&?AOI\NH32^ 7T^UL]*NI=%MK72(*5S




M\8=0^$WB#XDZ?X5^

M
CU7PY8^

M]J3XS_M


-1TC0=+\2ZKX2=O$&G7VK#5-3T*R6U +7AG_@O!^P?XN\



'PFT*YM_






M &/?V-=


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444



MXGT:WU73M$U

/B-9ZW):^$=1OXO&7A270=)L]8T[5]#\07_T1
N^'M<U3PKXJ\.ZDUI+<
M64FH^&_%6A:WH%]-8W%Q8SW6FRS6=Q/:R0RO\GS_ +&'B2]^)MO^TKJ7C/P=


W$-I9V=I;1M-<7-U=7#QP
M6]O!$CR33S2)%%&K/(ZJI(XK2OBM\
J37$FU06;9&VU06. :[6^L;+4[*[TW4;2UO]/O[::SOK&]MX;N

MBDGM&E-M/)# \T3O!T8!^]?]K:9_P!!Q_\#+7_ ..T?VMIG_00L?\ P
MO
M_CM

_
MZ%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!
M]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?
M8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6
M/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C
M_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X
M!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\
M@';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9
M;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!
MEM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_
M 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?
M_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\
MQVC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\
M=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H
M /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/
M[)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^
MR=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M
M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6
MTS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS
M_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_
MZ!]C_P =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^
M@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H
M(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS_H'V
M/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C
M_P =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_
M^!EM_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_
M (&6W_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@'
M;?\ QJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C_P
M=M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM
M_P#':/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6
MW_QVC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\
MQJ@ _M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\
M:H_LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#'
M:/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QV
MC^UM
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@
M_M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:H_L
MG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J #^UM
_Z%C_P!EM_\=H_M;3/^@A8_^!EM_P#':/[)
MTS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H /[6TS_H(6/_ (&6W_QVC^UM
M
_Z%C_X&6W_ ,=H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJ@ _M;3
M/^@A8_\ @9;?_':/[6TS_H(6/_@9;?\ QVC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:H_LG3/^

;_)FBFV;L[=WENVW=@XW8S@XS@U8JO!

9-6* BBB@ HHHH **** B

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

MQ/IWB[2O#NO:)H4VH6.K/Z/=?MIZGX)_9H_;-^*WBW1+7Q!XL_8P\4_&7P'K



KW$H!]$U^&G_  6F


?!&@:
M9=W3W5LHT^UO9M2E21KBSEMK:\FM@#^B:/_5Q_[B_^@BGUST?B32_+3YKX

M_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U &]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GU
MK_Y74 ;U%8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K??^?6O\ Y74 ;U%8/_2
M:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\ 2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_
MPDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U &
M]16#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U &]16#_PDFE^M]_X
M)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74 ;U%8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K?
M?^?6O\ Y74 ;U%8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\
M2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=
M1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U &]16#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_
M .5U &]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74 ;U%8/_  DFE^M]
M_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K??^?6O\ Y74 ;U%8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?
MK??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\ 2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O
M45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U &]16#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK
M_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U &]16#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GU
MK_Y74 ;U%8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K??^?6O\ Y74 ;U%8/_2
M:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\ 2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_
MPDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U &
M]16#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U &]16#_PDFE^M]_X
M)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74 ;U%8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K?
M?^?6O\ Y74 ;U%8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=0!O45@_\
M2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=0!O45@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=


MC3IN&*IJG*$
MZLI2YDXQ23?J=%%%?;'\S!1110 4444 'Z?Y]Z^2;W]E?6+SX_WGQX3]J;]J



M;5-0N;S5=8U6]EEO=4U6]O=0O)9+FYE=NZHH *_#7_@M
2/'O_!%Y=S;3_P6

MU5G[0% '[D1\QH3UV+_(4^F1_PKC_W%_P#013Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


;
M#]QX\T^6'QLZJRG065X=*6
S:%;#4TTY1H87E4
;CJL4U)TL)1JKE5XQK8NK
MA



MAXP^.U#+

M^T!0!^Y$?^KC_P!Q?_013Z9'_JX_]Q?_ $$4^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH ***\._:(^-^D_ #X8:KXZO-*O?%'BYO=+\)_#OP#I#QKX@^)7Q-

%]M;J6%=3U+5)KCZ9KS<KP]:4JV:8V#IX['J%J$

5P

%W\?Q^U%=_VTN
MOCF-7L]=_P$ZNO$_CNXF.K:=H(\

T=K;5=/\.ZQX#T?7+.*
[LKW6/'7P0\+Z\E]96$6IZ5X
M9\9ZWX<T.XTO19/#J:3]I_L2_%;QE\:?V:?AYX_\?YF\57EQX[\/ZAJAM;2R
M;Q+!X^)?C3X?:1XT:UT\)IT)\<Z)X5TWQ@4TV*#3MVN



M20W%TES=V44O]%-?AI_P6F_Y'[_@B[_VFG_9:_\ 56?M 4 ?M6FJ:H$0?\(Y

'ZC@]J=_:NJ?]Y??^!^B_P#RPK;C_P!7'_N+_P@BGT

MH7+[_P #]%_^6%;U% &#_:NJ?]Y??\ @?HO_P L*/[5U3_H7+[_ ,#]%_\
MEA6]10!@_P!JZI_T+E]_X'Z+_P#+C^U=4_Z%R^_\#]%_P#EA6]10!@_VKJG
M_0N7W_@?HO\ \L*/[5U3_H7+[_P/T7_Y85O44 8/]JZI_P!Y??^!^B__+C

L*/[5U3_H7+[_P/T7_ .6%;U%


M0N7W_@?HO_RPH_M75/\ H7+[_P #]%_^6%;U% &#_:NJ?]Y??\ @?HO_P L
M*/[5U3_H7+[_ ,#]%_\ EA6]10!@_P!JZI_T+E]_X'Z+_P#+C^U=4_Z%R^_
M\#]%_P#EA6]10!@_VKJG_0N7W_@?HO\ \L*/[5U3_H7+[_P/T7_Y85O44 8/


L*/[5U

M#]%_^6%;U% &#_:NJ?\ 0N7W_@?HO_RPH_M75/\ H7+[_P #]%_^6%;U% &#








MOA#;OJ]NB3?$;45C\G-

M*E47MC*V%P]1PIUIU*?WW V1Y;B)9CQ7Q-1E5X0X36%Q&9895:F'GQ!F^+



PSW-JT:^89GB)8C$2I



MBNKVW@E


M[T[PA\3]3^(VD^ SX?AO-)TQK+POH_A]H]
70K0 '[$;A[]OX3GGVQG'OTZ^




M_P!II_V6O_56?M 5^V^N?VS_ &+JW_.?V9_PD']FWO]B?VU]L_L?^UOL\G]
MG_VI_9_^G_V?]J\K[9]B_P!*^S^9Y'[W;7\\W_!6?_A?O_S?^-W_S?^%.
M?V5_P^6_9;_LS_A!_P#A8']K_P!L?\*T^/?E?:_^$B_XEO\ 9/V3[7]I\K_B

M /%3?]0/_P J='_%3?\ 4#_\J= '045S_P#Q4W_4#_\ *G1_Q4W_ % __*G0

M?\5-_P!0/_RIT =!17/_ /%3?]0/_P J='_%3?\ 4#_\J= '045S_P#Q4W_4


M /%3?]0/_P J='_%3?\ 4#_\J= '045S_P#Q4W_4#_\ *G1_Q4W_ % __*G0

M?\5-_P!0/_RIT =!17/_ /%3?]0/_P J='_%3?\ 4#_\J= '045S_P#Q4W_4
M#_\ *G7@7[1_QQUWX#_#IO$%GHNC^




M_@OU^S9?_M@2_ K4(;.V^ LHB\*Z9^TQ%J-S'X9N?B+]N:&2[NM+NX$:S^$U
?-[
M*M^JNE[2C4M+V.)I\^'K\L_95)\DK<N&QF%Q?M/JU:%;V



R#1=(M4U&.VTS3X(]7N)[O




M:5% &2= T

MMP[3R;I6+G6HHH *_#3_ (+3?\C]_P $7?\ M-/^RU_ZJS]HOW+K\-/^TW

M





M'$\





M1P.'C5Q=;?\ Y=49OKL?DM2O1IOEG4BIO:FKRJRV^&E!2J2W7PQ9]V50U'5-








 -739O%WBZZ

MDO#_ 





TO5-
US3=/UK1=1L-8T?5[&TU/2M6TN[M


:\).$Z&5T:N8SI5.D



7W[*?CSQ;






M1\4/%

MYE]\'P*_; ^*6)/C7^U=;_#'1+F





%'#X7 TTL)A
+

\9?$9&BF?XJ?%S4M;^
WQ1D
MO(V
CWL?C[XI:EXL\1Z=--

^F





MJT.WT^];X:?'J5-7@OO!W@S0-4DN8(8Y[1;*ZNI]

MPT_X+3?\C]_P1=_[33_LM?\ JK/V@* /VK32]4*(?^$COONK_P P_11V'8:?

MB@#!_LK5/^ACOO\ P T7_P5]']E:I_T,=]_X :+_P#*^MZB@#!_LK5/^ACO
MO_ #1?\ Y7T?V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\ \KZWJ* ,'^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%_^5]']E:I
M_P!#'??^ &B__*^MZB@#!_LK5/\ H8[[_P  -%_^5]']E:I_T,=]_P &B__

MQWW_ ( :+_\ *^MXG'K^1/\ *DS]?R/^% &%_96J?]#'??\ @!HO_P KZ/[*
MU3_H8[[_ 
 -%_\ E?6]10!@_P!E:I_T
=]_X :+_P#*^C^RM4_Z&.^_\ -%
M_P#E?6]10!@_V5JG_0QWW_@!HO\ \KZ/[*U3_H8[[_P T7_Y7UO44 8/]E:I
M_P!#'??^ &B__*^C^RM4_PACOO_   T7_Y7UO44 8/]E:I_T,=]_P &B__
M OH_LK5/^ACOO\ P T7_P5];U% &#_ &5JG_0QWW_@!HO_ 
KZ/[*U3_H8




'PL^



_!UN;/['JVDZMY=/
M\?\ BF8X4S^'?=]:W


V@:SXE\66&JQP



M%Y\AY?$Y;]I;XRA RL0VE^%U^&GP@\
W3(?+7'B/XEVT
V]F%U%&GG3R?L ^



%

M%XV_;!URWM].@BF\-ZBZZG\/OV=K2\L[6-QK'Q9DM/\ A(OB/:%D:P^$&GMI
MEV$_X6+IKU]Y6F@7=C:VUE9ZW/:6EI!#:VMK:Z5H-O;6UO;QI#!;V]O#IB10






KZ/[*U3_H8[[_P T7_
M .5];U% &#_96J?]#'??^ &B_P#ROH_LK5/^ACOO_ #1?_E?6]10!@_V5JG_
M $
=]_X :+_\KZ/[*U3_ *&.^_\  #1?_E?6]10!0L;2ZMO-^TZE/J&_9L\Z
MWLH/*V[MVW[';V^[?D9\S?C:-NW+9OT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



Q%FHMTZ*:Y:492C&IB:TJ6%H.477KTHOF

M#R7+J6.SW
XT:L




_X-_\$8/V*/@QXU7QK8Z)XW^(+'0=?\.77A7X

MGV*P6
$YUA2$@_:O\;_@?9/VK_@7XJ^&6GVR

;
DWBJY


M4;\J^X**Y#P/\0/ WQ
\.6'C#X=^


MRBUJFFTUJF?G^*PN*P.)KX/&X:O@\7AJLZ&)PN*HU


$DCJI5:M1P]*=:


SQE39;7@FTI+XK$58ZVI.UCG^
MM0E_!A4Q']ZE%*G;NJU1TZ
)=&\*Z-&X4N(O[1UR\L;629QQ'!%))-*Q1QNQ /R4_PW/IOC
M_?:_LM? _P



MQWLZJM^]P^'K-X/!3=E?ZCAL-'32*&L+1NI5%*M).ZE7DZMI?S0A)NG3?_7J

.??+
IKRC3UO#'

JV3:D^EZ



M^/?PQU3X:^


\-Z_

=WH=_K(!]-Q_M9?^2R:$VOC2'QNWC30OA]:_BZ\




[_




MVJ?%2]B633Z^N/ 'P8^&'PK\*:7X%^&W@_2_ W@_1E?^SO#OA9KW1M*AEF9I


*BJ
M%5%'JHJ.% '%8G_-Z7Z7W_@XUK_Y8T?\ -Z7Z7W_ (.-:_\ EC7=@\OP




HRT5K
M;!MH]'^W*=?3+

TG]CCQ_J


M!KY\\$?M@?MHQ#7K;X:?L]^

MG:;/H/Q9VZ;\2&U5))?*\3_#3PGX8TRX2T


?'PKTF?XAW@7GQ4\8ZGXA^(?Q;OI#S+-=_%'QWK'B+QT[S2%I'2+78;=

MJE6498K!8NGSTY_E%\+/B%\6/VLM=G\(_$G]LNR_9X\5QP3+K/[+WP/^'%W\


MDJ7FHZAH5XF/+O\ PYK$EX-8\-ZC$0#%J.@W^G7L3*K1SJR@CYTN?V;/CU\*
M&DNOV=_CSJ7BWPW&T;Q_!C]J+5O%GQ T&&!71/[.\(?&O2=0C^+W@N.U01V
MO_3_P#U]-MW55725@PB32RFIE]6%?,,NCQ#4I-3AF7M:F)Q]?6=++\UQ-

MAQCDV6TZF%KXFK+]UA

MKX'@_:M\



70OI'ZQ@Z\:6*P[E]E5J--R5FKIIGCY_P=Q+PQ##U\YRJM0P&-G.&7


5&E*\*CC.
HKLZ*P?^$;T
MOTOO_!QK7_RQH_X1O2_2^_\ !QK7_P L:[3YDWJ*P?\ A&]+]+[_ 
'&M?\


M9^S!X&N?C?XQUC]L[XAZ1K.FP^

J?Z%P/D^74Z68\;

M!QK7_P L:/\ A&]+]+[_ 

M (1O2_2^_P#!QK7_ 


L: -ZBL'_A&]+]


M^T!0!^Y$?^KC_P!Q?_013Z9'_JX_]Q?_ $$4^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI0.O?IZGZ#J: %KE_&GC?P?\.?#.K^
M-/'WBC0/!GA'0+5[[6_$OB?5K'0]#TJT3 


&;=\)_@^;K4M(LM4LRRPP?$#QM



U+$14I8R
)H4:N&?+?\+A_:_
M::VVG[-.@3_!?X07A*R?M-?%WPK




M:7P+^S7I$7Q&^*


M\8];UKXP_%F6XW;I)[7QS\0[W7M4T%)6P?[/\*_V!I$*JL=KIT$*)&OU;A1S


[?PSJ/@'PM!J3_8_ _BGQ[XJU75



MZF(%ZL+]$N6=4*GC(\NKPRC+LSPE'%4
YQM+ X/.



QKPWL(PCAL!.M65.%2FJ_]!04+TZ]


B+^W?VF

PA;GQ?#T8Z*ZXJ

QNO
5E*-_KNBOD;X8?



KV7'$37\W
MUGA1+IT?$ZEU_E];:V^N[FUNX)[6[B@N+:ZAEM[FWN$CF@N()HVBF@GAE#1




M]HGX
_&Z.]3X;^.M

6W*IB\IS?$5)IQ=2$;


Q  !)( -


M/'NJ7





LD




CB:E+YI_:'_X



=&\





M_P [FC_AZU^P/_T7D?\ AK_C1_\ .YK]#L#W_
_XUDZ_9ZK?Z'K-CH.KKH&M


M(M0QG $IQC+AWBVG&4HQ=27&^4.


M\8/V_K#]F#P/K&DZK\(_$OP\M]/\'?$F?3]8T2YUOX\17-UK=]X22'Q#!I-W
M;Z3/X74Z%81WND6M_/XYTNYTZ#[1'?V6?V9!R

MW[;_ 

'^%.@RZZOC.WUA?$47B9[Z3QRTLNJ?V\@U5YY&8R


M_B+X





M]AXGN_'D&@O);^'=

MP.^


MO_CM &A16
M?_:VF?\ 00L?_ RV_P#CM']K:9_T$+'_ 
#+;_X[0!H45G_VMIG_ $$+'_P
MMO\ X[1_:VF?]!Q_P# RV_^.T :%%9_]K:9_P!!Q_\#+;_ ..T?VMIG_00
ML?\ P
MO_CM &A16?_:VF?\ 00L?_ RV_P#CM']K:9_T$+'_ 
#+;_X[0!H4
M5G_VMIG_ $$+'_P
MO\ X[1_:VF?]!Q_P# RV_^.T :%%9_]K:9_P!!Q_\
M#+;_ ..T?VMIG_00L?\ P
MO_CM &A16?_:VF?\ 00L?_ RV_P#CM']K:9_T
M$+'_ 



+!_:-_

QTXJ=/ 82
:F)E!MI

)*R7MEX9M)8





M'Q
2YTOX



O'?C?PEX
\
M):2F_5/$WBGQ)HV@Z!IZ\8^V:MJE[;6
!8D*B/
'D=E2-6=E4[T.&\+BJ]&.

MB
95C*G1A*K5KXRI%4:4*:YI5I*?)AJ





CY=\LITUF7$+MHX2RBC6HT\






R3BY4L1
M2QF8O+




M&6W_ 
=H_M;3/^@A8_\ @9;?_':BIQMQG5R_$Y35XMXEJY7C?;/&9=4SS
YX

MO_CM']K:9_P!!
MQ_\#+;_ ..T :%%9_\ :VF?]!Q_P# RV_^.T?VMIG_ $$+'_P
MO\ X[0!
MH45G_P!K:9_T$+'_ 
#+;_X[1_:VF?\ 00L?_ RV_P#CM &A16?_ &MIG_00
ML?\ P
W:SU;0]=TVRU?1]4M'*L]KJ.EZC!<V-[;N44O#<P2QMM&5R!BQ_:VF?]!Q
M_P# RV_^.T?VMIG_ $$+'_P
MO\ X[2E&

MIJS6C-*56K0JTZ]I4HUJ-2%6C6I3E3JTJM.2G3J4ZD&I0J0FE*$XM2C)*2:
M:3/C.?\ 8RMOA]+/JG[*7Q5\9_LU7;3279\!:6L?Q!_9\UYFD$DZWOP2\6W

MM

M2ZYXHTK6(HH);J73[F#4]

M@7QE\0/[9\



K_\ ;+\*?M/Z9XB\
1Z'X6_9B^)O
&(O#4]
MMH&H^(KI-576[X7[^DM^QA8Z[\'?VA?@UXUU?2-4TK]K6;XU^+OC?XATK3;F
MRU*U^('Q0TWPKX9\.R^-

M%W_M-/\ LM?^JL_: H _;B/2M

:'^S['E%/%E:@=!V$.!]!Q3_[)TS_ *!]
MC_X!VW_QJKL?^KC_ -Q?_013Z 
_^R=
_P@?8_^ =M_\:H_LG3/^@?8_P#@
M';?_ !JMB@#/_LG3/\ H'V/_@';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/\ X!VW_P :K0HH S_[
M)TS_ *!]C_X!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_ . =M_\ &JT** 
_^R=
_P@?8_^ =M_
M\:H_LG3/^@?8_P#@';?_ !JMB@#/_LG3/\ H'V/_@';?_&J/[)TS_H'V/\
MX!VW_P :K0HH S_[)TS_ *!]C_X!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_ . =M_\ &JOD@$ D
M GH0?H.]9.MZ_H?AK3;G6?$6L:7H.D62[[O5-;UTTG3;5 2]Q?ZC-;6D


O=9T6VETF?5M)L]:^V_V-=ZG



M=]-MEK\KXL\6

9/D^?5.'<VQ&
XFR?)ZF




82Q


ML6_#-_$GB'P'IC0[%@;Q;XA^&_Q!U949/$_C?4S))+7UH/V'-1^)JR2?M8_'

8SQ4^5
^0S_/


:
T@14

@0



)5JS5

M]ESX'? JZU'6O /@BV7QMKP)\4_$_P 5:CJOCKXL^+IG5!--XI^)_C*]UOQM

M5:=?+*+U4X5
IPO$-&HE*G.IAYZKQ?[4S_-=
ERI99A9?#FW$E*O1G*+LU4P
MO#E*=#

=_P ?6BLZO%&


_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?
M_&JT** 
_P#LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJMB@#/\ [)TS
M_H'V/_@';?\ QJC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:K0HH S_ .R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H
M_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&JT** 
_P#LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&J/[)TS_H'V/_ (!V
MW_QJMB@#/\ [)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJC^R=,_Z!]C_P =M_\:K0HH S_ .R=
M
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:H_LG3/^@?8_\ @';?_&JT** 
_P#LG3/^@?8_^ =M_P#&
MJ/[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJMB@#/\ [)TS_H'V/_@';?\ QJC^R=,_Z!]C_P
M=M_\:K0HH S3H^E'DZ;IY/J;*U_^
THTC2QTTZP'TLK4?RAK1HH S_[)TS_H
M'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:K0HH S_[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
M
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:K0HH S_[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:K
M0HH S_[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:K0HH S_[)TS_H'V/_
M (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:K0HH S_[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!
M]C_X!VW_ 
:K0HH S_[)TS_H'V/_ (!VW_QJC^R=
_Z!]C_X!VW_ 
:K0HH

MM

MGTR+_5Q_[B_R%/H **0D @$@$] 2


4Y2DHQBFY.32225VVWHD
MEJV]$A-J*;DTDK7;:25VDKMZ:MI+NVD:U%?#'CK_ (*6_L*_#_4&T;4_VE?A






MOB+$UM



//&CS7& 9I6L;+4-#T\+*Q
M8^48'C1&
2@(%Q]B_#[]C?\ 94^%=O;V_@']GKX0^'#:LK6]Y;^!/#]YJD;)
MC:5U?5+*_P!4RN%VYO


9Q5FV/KT[.='(N%H3RW$[:4
YSK/\FS##Z73G

MS]L




Y.W/3XKXLQ6+PCL]70I\'99P
M)CZ%U\

?_!1OXF?9Q\5/VNK3P-I\@\U]/\ AQ=WU@]J


B^(?B=IGQ@^(%N[MEO
L_'%M
/E!D^7!_5VBJCP;



:L][8SC5(-
U'7]:T_1B((+
MB(MX=\/VK S-(E@:1*_$:3_ (-Y_P!J)O,V_'#X  ,'CR/B1QN! Y_X1SM
MD5_7A3=ZEF0
NY0K
N1N56W!2RYR VQL$@ [6P3@X\W.O#;A'/L11Q.-RYTY

M6\.9GF&'6



MEG Y!J;2_P!B#PSXPU.R\4?M5_$'Q;^UEXGL;N/4+'0OB)#8Z#\/#U_\P@



:1QHJJJ@ N^_V4[*MQ5C8
M_:G]:RGAZ

M-N(IP=GK-K$9#E=:$DU*
8\24JM.7NU
/4LX_#!_9C^-WQK/VG]K+X]:C-X:

'A_P &^']
\/:7YQ55ENY[
M73+:W2[OK@KYEWJ%Y]HOKN9GGNKB:9W=N_HKS\QX@S7
Z

ML!0HY?E=*I%-1JK 8.%'#U




M84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%









]+^+/B%V

MD'FO9KW2IA-;K#?^?^2^*^2\6YS@














H_:B_\  K]G;_Y_%0G]I;XV73-)IO[$

MTM#XQ_X:.^/?_1E/Q4_\.M^SYS_YD7KZ9P
]2!S4*_'O]J%U#K^QTT:N RQW





M+2M

NM%\1^'=9MDO=(UO2+Z
Q7NF:G92?NKRQO(2T-U:S!


0

MUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=6]17 =Y@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)
M]:_^5U;U% &#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U;U% &#_P
MDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y75O44 8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74
M?\))I?K??^?6O\ Y75O44 8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=6
M]10!@_\ 2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=6]10!@_\))I?K??
M^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U;U% &#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7Z
MWW_@GUK_ .5U;U% &#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y75O44 8/_
M  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K??^?6O\ Y75O44 8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y
M74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=6]10!@_\ 2:7ZWW_ ()]:_\ E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:
M_P#E=6]10!@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U;U% &#_P ))I?K
M??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U;U% &#_PDFE^M]_X)]:_^5U'_2:
M7ZWW_@GUK_Y75O44 8/_  DFE^M]_P"?6O_ )74?\))I?K??^?6O\ Y75O
M44 8/_2:7ZWW_@GUK_Y74?\))I?K??^?6O_E=6]10!@_\ 2:7ZWW_ ()]
M:_\ E=1_PDFE^M]_X)]:_P#E=6]10!@_\))I?K??^?6O_E=1_PDFE^M]_X)
M]:_^5U;U% &#_P ))I?K??\ @GUK_P5U'_2:7ZWW_@GUK_ .5U;U% &#_P

M_JK/V@* /W(C_P!7'_N+_P@BGTR/_5Q_PXO_H(I] !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445%
Q6)V#K&54G




%O$
M?5M?AI_P6F_Y'[_@B[_VFG_9:_\ 56?M 5^W&MWM[INCZKJ&FZ1=:_J-CIUY

$O(O\
M^_\ P5U/[5_Q8D_X)OZQ\)_V49KGQS\%O^EWP3^-6B^&/B;\=_A'X'\-^.K
MGP;\*OCKY?@P^+/VI?$F_\ #EWK!O#)'K$_A74;.TAL[C-O=7,EO;. ?T,1
M_PKC_W%_P#013Z_&E?VK_\ @L\%4#_@D=^SI@* 

M)^IZT[_AJ_\ X+/_ /2([]G7_P 6CZ%_]70!^RE%?C7_P -7_\ !9__ *1'
M?LZ_^+1]_\ H2Z/^&K_ /@L_P#](COV=?\ Q:/H7_T)= '[*45^-?\ PU?_
M 
%G_P#I$=^SK_XM'T+_ .A+H_X:O_X+/_\ 2([]G7_Q:/H7_P!70!^RE%?
MC7_PU?\ \%G_ /I$=^SK_P+1]_^A+H_P&K_\ @L__ -(COV=?_%H^A?\
MT)= '[*45^-?_#5__!9__I$=^SK_ .+1]_^A+H_X:O_ .S_P#TB._9U_\
M%H^A?_0ET ?LI17XU_\ #5__  6?_PD1W[.O_BT?0O_ *$NC_AJ_P#X+/\
M_2([]G7_ ,6CZ%_]70!^RE%?C7_ 
-7_P#!9_\ Z1'?LZ_^+1]_P#H2Z/^
M&K_^S__ $B._9U_\6CZ%_\ 0ET ?LI17XU_\-7_ /!9_P#Z1'?LZ_\ BT?0


M%?C7_P -7_\ !9__ *1'?LZ_^+1]_\ H2Z/^&K_ /@L_P#](COV=?\ Q:/H
M7_T)= '[*45^-?\ PU?_ ,%G_P#I$=^SK_XM'T+_ .A+H_X:O_X+/_\ 2([]
MG7_Q:/H7_P!70!^RE%?C7_PU?\ \%G_ /I$=^SK_P+1]_^A+H_P&K_\
M@L__ -(COV=?_%H^A?\ T)= '[*45^-?_#5__!9__I$=^SK_ .+1]_^A+H_
MX:O_ .S_P#TB._9U_\ %H^A?_0ET ?LI17XU_\ #5__  6?_PD1W[.O_BT
M?0O_ *$NC_AJ_P#X+/\ _2([]G7_ 

MG_\ I$=^SK_XM'T+_PA+H _92BOQK_X:O\ ^S_ /TB._9U_P#%H^A?_0ET
M?\-7_P#!9_\ Z1'?LZ_^+1]_P#H2Z /V4HK\:_^&K_^S__ $B._9U_\6CZ
M%_\ 0ET?\-7_ /!9_P#Z1'?LZ_\ BT?0O_H2Z /V4HK\:_\ AJ__ (+/_P#2
]WJ303
M16<D9[C_ (:O_P"S_\ TB._9U_\6CZ%_P#0ET ?LI17XU_\-7_\%G_^D1W[
M.O\ XM'T+_Z$NC_AJ_\ X+/_ /2([]G7_P 6CZ%_]70!^RE%?C7_P -7_\
M!9__ *1'?LZ_^+1]_\ H2Z/^&K_ /@L_P#](COV=?\ Q:/H7_T)= '[*45^
M-?\ PU?_ ,%G_P#I$=^SK_XM'T+_ .A+H_X:O_X+/_\ 2([]G7_Q:/H7_P!
M70!^RE%?C7_PU?\ \%G_ /I$=^SK_P+1]_^A+H_P&K_\ @L__ -(COV=?
M_%H^A?\ T)= '[*45^-?_#5__!9__I$=^SK_ .+1]_^A+H_X:O_ .S_P#T
MB._9U_\ %H^A?_0ET ?LI17XU_\ #5__  6?_PD1W[.O_BT?0O_ *$NC_AJ
M_P#X+/\ _2([]G7_ 
6CZ%_]70!^RE%?C7_ ,-7_P#!9_\ Z1'?LZ_^+1]


/#/B#Q9XI\':NNJ7EE\
M+/A?)X2U#1M6T&S-I;/;ZTFKVVH7


MQU*D$





MG\CC\\8_7U]#0 M%)N&



W0T +11GG'^?SZ9]NM% !1110 4444 %%%% !14<LL4$4DT\B0PQ(




M^'W_  5(^ ?@.?3/B5XTO4H]0TCPB?#4&IW'B^X\:WG@C6-\::6FF:3/JO
MA;Q.;K0/Z

M'XIE:Q+^(H[33R;&V366OE@LR;6() 3'0!^=+?M(?M.+^Q5^VGX\@T+0/%OQ

:JD4


M!^;G[;\/['VM?'/X!:3X_P#CQ\


M
;78?CY#I&N?!:]\/VGAG54^(5KXHU*'68-
M8TWPA!96GFO[/7B'XCW'QZ^ 
]W.A^+'B#XW_P#!1.S_ &O-/@U34+VZTWX5









_



?[
O












M4K?]C+2/A#\9;_X2QZEIBCR[;P!;:;9_LQ^(/\DEM#H0\=^(X[K3[L^(/$_
MB!M1_6_6_ '@;Q+J5KK'B+P;X4UW5K*.*SU/6?#FBZKJ-K%;327-M';7VH6

BQ3222QA9'9CT@L;);V34EM+9=0FMH;*6^6WA%Y+9VTL\]

 ?B?\'/$W[
DG[''[2K_ +6'C+P0


M[\?XH_@[X#\%)X0BF^T0_%O]FC4;V3P?\2/'?P\M;KPEXH\%:;\0OB1\0[6T
M\?\ A*_UJ'3_ -W*YMO!WA-]?MO%3^&/#S^)K-;M+3Q$VAZ6VNVJ7T0M[U;;

US^T??^!;6

T
MA\6WND6_C/POXKETB]MM(FL[&T]2^-G[+'PH^.FB1:)XCTQO#PD^+OP8^-6N
MZIX/TWPKINK^
?%_P'\;:!X^\ V_C2\U+PWK(\3:'#K7AG2+75;#4HI9[[0H

MT]+#R8?L:VPMO*)C,6PD$ _+X.6FK^&A\*_AEXN\):!X+_ &9M-_X*'_M2

M+)X2T/\ :&\&ZOHV@W6I6LWAZ&7](_V!/%OC#Q)^RS\(+;XFZPU]\1;;P;'J






:-X?\:_$#P?^TC\
+#Q39^$?BAJ


;?5O#6E6FA:


5Q%+!/%'-!-&\4T
J+)%+%(I22.2-PR21R(S(Z.I5U)5@02*YO3O!/@





7-LT4XC=T$FUF! /PX








M



3M;1
MSS2S) 9#$DLLDBH'=F-N@ HHHH **** BBB@#\]O^B?A7Q7XT\!?!W1/AK



M=T#Q/8OIGB/1-(U_3I ZR6&MZ98ZM92++&\





MQC\+O#_A/Q=XUET[X[?#3QWK/A'XJ:Q9?$'P5XAE^!.L^.?!-I\;? ]E#JFA



MB:TUZS^V:Q8W45GX8TB:TF\87$&H?H9XH^'?@CQGH6I^&?$_A;0]9T#6M4L=




M-







M]8O2OLI$2-%CC541%HB@*JJHJJJH 55  50 %     %% #J*** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBO+?C!_PNK_A#I/\ A0?_
M  J[_A/_ .T]-\K_ (6]_P );_PA_P#8WFO_ &QYG_%?\3O^T_(V?V;M_T3

M#O38-9\?^-/?@;2+J]CTVUU7QAXCT;PSIMSJ,L,]S%807VMWMC:S7LEO:W,
M\=K'*T[PV\\JQF.&1E^,/^-HW_5@_P#YL57X^?\ !:G_ (; _P&8O /_#2/
M_#+?_&?\+S\.?V3_P *A_X6G_PDO_3?\(3X_\ LOV[_A/_ /B2?V'_ &;_

M-JU:




M.OA^&L=&K/-


MXE\3^



M$D=O\2/!D_P[\?6_CB\U W&F-I//_M=_M::MXG^-?PO^)5KXK^'L7Q _9S^)


M?!OAK5/^-FFWWA2S\%Z;-=L/V^?$DOPW^




M)M6\#?$2WM(?&OAB6UTO6X=/L_I*@ HHHH **X'XH_\ T/^$#\0_P#E_\



MO97JV]O=&SNUB=VMKH6MW:W)MYQ'



M[:I3I^UKY1[.A2]I*$?:5JGUA\E.'/S3E9\L4W9GVRS*JLS

M-3YDW#FI[CROL\GVGRO)V'S_ #=GD^5C][YGF?)Y6S=OW_+LSN^7-?R2?L'/

\&:;X.^
M%L7Q:NOB9H&C_'?73\(/CM\.-#\?ZQX@^'4GBN3P-X8T+X2?M!?!J^^*/P)\





R@N

/B#X








MF)INJ@'[9T5\3_L5?'WQ?\=O#WQ&?XISZ=X2^-'P\\9V7@+XM_L^QVVFG5_@


M^

O[CRZ^#\-_%?&\8X+,:F/X<S%
M5\%BW-?*
+4Q6!G1KRG4H4)3J5(RAB\-3Y85ES252#IU[4W4=./F93G53'T

_%?A[





M9OBU=_$_QSXH\2:W=:UJ5SX8\??$'Q%\&]'O_%&F:/X:LM;\6:#K7C:PN(/
MNJV,G/\ Q(_X*%?M,__PSXPN?$.H_#&RM]!^ '_  5?U;P!X_U;PQ#::!\8

.GVMMXH^&WBK2;3]MCP7^SKKWP;T/




R-'+%*BR12QNI5XY(W#(Z.I*LC*58$@@@XJ2BM3@*2:


UVGE[;F8Q6]O$99Q)(8X(4+;8HPL7]C:1F

MU!])TQ[Z[2**ZO7L+-[NXCACDAACGN6A


MF'1M(((.EZ=@^7D?8;0@^4GEQ @PX/EI\B?W$^5-J\5\]?#O]E;P!\/=6746

M%NL^*=9BTN[NM.@U2*SN)H7^F** *UG9VFGVEM8V%M;V5E9P16UI9VD
5M:V
MMM BQ0V]M;PI'#!!%&JI%#$B1QHH5%50!5FBB@ HHHH **** 

M.;2/%.@:+XDTIYH;AM
U_2M/UG3VN+=B\$[66I6]U:F:%B6AE
1DB8EHV4G-
6LJ36UU:75OI$<]M<



M
=(C*K*RLH96!5E8 JRD8*L#D$$$@@C!'!K/71])2WEM$TS3UM9S$9[9;*U6


MEC!I6FPE[ZYU-_*L+2/?J-[


JD3F&)I$E:-#+&KI'(5!D19A
MD5'(+*)/+3S I DV)OW;5Q)10!&D,4;R.D:(\K!Y750K2,J+&K2, [+&BQJ

4*TDC*'9MK2.5P6;-BBB@ I P((R#^'3D$$<@@X(((((!!!%+10!\H


M\)IJL^O?'3XG7WQ8\:7FMW5EJ

&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Property &amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property is recorded at cost, and depreciation expense is generally provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the properties. Estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;years for machinery and equipment and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;years for buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements, and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for software. Total depreciation expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$131.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$85.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$62.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or disposal of assets are included in Other operating expenses
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Principles of Consolidation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the operations of Post Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Use of Estimates and Allocations&amp;#160;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, which require certain elections as to accounting policy, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amount of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant accounting policy elections, estimates and assumptions include, among others, pension and benefit plan assumptions, valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets, marketing programs and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Business Combinations &amp;#8212; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company uses the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method, our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#8212; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments with original maturities of less than three months.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Restricted Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;&amp;#8212; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Restricted cash includes items such as cash deposits which serve as collateral for certain commodity hedging contracts as well as the Company's high deductible workers&amp;#8217; compensation insurance program. In fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;restricted cash also included deposits with third party escrow agents in connection with acquisitions that were credited against the purchase price when the transactions closed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Receivables &amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Receivables are reported at net realizable value. This value includes appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts, cash discounts, and other amounts which the Company does not ultimately expect to collect. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical losses and the economic status of, and its relationship with its customers, especially those identified as &amp;#8220;at risk.&amp;#8221; A receivable is considered past due if payments have not been received within the agreed upon invoice terms. Receivables are written off against the allowance when the customer files for bankruptcy protection or is otherwise deemed to be uncollectible based upon the Company&amp;#8217;s evaluation of the customer&amp;#8217;s solvency. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Inventories &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212; Inventories, other than flocks, are generally valued at the lower of average cost (determined on a first-in, first-out basis) or market. Reported amounts have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete product and packaging materials based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and sales. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising chicken flocks to egg laying maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks, the feed fed to the birds and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities, at which time their cost is amortized to operations, as cost of goods sold, over their expected useful lives of one to two years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Restructuring Expenses and Assets Held For Sale &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212; Restructuring charges principally consist of severance and other employee separation costs, accelerated depreciation and certain long-lived asset impairments. The Company recognizes restructuring obligations and liabilities for exit and disposal activities at fair value in the period the liability is incurred. Employee severance costs are expensed when they become probable and reasonably estimable under established severance plans. Depreciation expense related to assets that will be disposed of or idled as a part of the restructuring activity is accelerated through the expected date of the asset shut down. Assets are classified as held for sale if the Company has committed to a plan for selling the assets, is actively and reasonably marketing them, and sale is reasonably expected within one year. The carrying value of assets held for sale is included in &amp;#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&amp;#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note&amp;#160;4 for information about assets held for sale.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;text-align:justify;text-indent:24px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Property &amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property is recorded at cost, and depreciation expense is generally provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the properties. Estimated useful lives range from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;years for machinery and equipment and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;years for buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements, and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for software. Total depreciation expense was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$131.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$85.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$62.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;, respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or disposal of assets are included in Other operating expenses

M6A 08V-[&6/F&1![G!#FG!#F&6
0I6
0*1 0I;4Q&;V]$+V$K;VU8[V$8_?.

0YF
0:Q 0YK76YN92SN:$YN89SK52
MSK6$YK49SN^

M2HQ*C(RUSHRU2HQ*SCI*SCJUSCJU2HQ*(RU#I*C#JUC#JU!![2A![&/F


&#



M!6UFUU.=28:@QQ^.!@$Y!8HHH.'(!  PTH4
5#!3 0)9=;.FEEUIFN668
M8%Y9@ )4'G  RC&N




MI/*2Z26GFXJ)+Z;UCIELLLY*.NF]_!;\9:0*8)OB G NF-YY4]W ZC#1E6OQ



M;\OR\ANSM8MN



M'E?



CK<G)66V05'-6I+SG0FSH*U




4UQ3@ -





MC


S.(6N_C%)A[O-:MII=$)[L(X0^B6
M=J8#[/HQ7CU]8


UPCG.+R1LESG7M9&T=VT&S


M^(
8T\[T39KH03$WY42








KFW.*U92*IRA;J
B*BK

M)


N

M%5*49H:7=
[7@0*YCA_XBO*(CZT8*E58SV))D!9):$E(M2)3]IE#S)DSVI

)=2/_!0








ME5#5PB\VD\5WYWE8_%9?$YQ=?%G36[U=8[T?#
*4J8\V&[[94\Z-O](#&W


!&+ $%%#$C[S
MS-S(%V$%DSR


M9?;YI[T3+?@2GPE84/W2U!;=M3$[SOE(PM?TAJ$TFDV%
PY0025!R_]NYZ1V
MN0#P
JW=US30$:T%)?)=%_[5(R(VP8KD9?&%Y_= D]+5FC-':J<J*$V@F


MZCTP=E74L

QJ2MA71%X

M)VX]PCC-]3GA!;#5

'=&[G13S
M%) ! 


MYQ' ZA80!G/P!-=# .[^[@1P[$V0[
E

36TM]\


MRT44416@S^*N.!8@Y-T= 4Z

R;_

M$ '

@8(-^)HTPK

M;_NX7_L




F3@QHL:014D#!2EZ(^F2#1F*M)BZ].R?9FVK
MEG@:-T

;_Q+LULVK%T%?^AHH_
;O$C'T@00@7^ZO
@$ADZB?
MR1C(K(6\L// O\\@HBBBW+#R*&.SJOPPI\R9(@CU,R3;34-13P+Q-:\.VW


ZZVXWHL/'@2V[&D#
M*_\6?1


M2Y(CH

RCKV[@;X
M0JRV($ ]4-A<)3M*]^#+<B^U=_++/L('L-B_!QTST$P&YG 3IGDPL':TURSB
M6=/H0_#LM






2&J3D5H&FV
M YA3K#C*J)2J.@ZDTG (V84)CJU3[ 2EN2#JS.B40LE[%4&+N:\,T5FA[!





N!CX7E&&U%GYW4
F)R?9
5. ;6 64F)!;88V$@JJ8^
M9*1HGD 9M_$.0&9]5G2B8V=^%1'G&W43X2RXS1)FD\&-'=F)VQPD/H)IWE
\12LK-P.Y2+B&:&9I3:OY5FA75H$-



[T 1F\

& !*W0Z U; P*;GH %WJ:3*D1KG
M#I;B (ZD9 .=LJX - SF(6'1E3N #J(.PCKNK@6IP=M2BG/RQM R2;N_0_8
M*!W'70*(DIVTWFP3 FBKMK@QAN3M;61K*-U^2)Z]@B0&6N^DZ:!VH
)P]TP



M3H51X1L8:$$+:DZ:+/LW\_@


QC?^X4.43]
_BS.
Y@UO(

;LZ;[ATXL6 ;MDBI:NCGW@+/?.JHQ7[#2N@N
5X-AR#'VY2
M 2CF'GHH[I:N=H;,(D*L-;-!X:O1%)


M 1;O YLT




M$!HTG,.A- N#-L!D&&(Z8NUQ#)J5B?OH*[)(9FNH=*L&+8/-"L..*28
HJ2AM;)!:?$H
M]$OVF
P(/\*MWJQ@*@$$ZR+R#G8+#71LXR9L]70'XEHS:0PR;]Y)_'X@K*$

ZCA\12:.+M;9P(H+I M(
F/3_P
 NY!\V




M0T6T0%H]3;(4IO Y5&VN@_FRY4--?\*=7MR(^B2;E=P M0G4'BVUA
#)WR!
MBU4(O8S6;5U#GV5*QNF(
&66_ZRXEXG0E8LO-LS!;*F(-- TCI5'B%J()SC$

MS1JYHF#8:#67\O\S*[])G(0P-[9EU=^4#'+=IE[

;Y=S&^D7WYS@.OK
MYB4RU)[VE2-QSNC1XJZSJ\EHGEU5!4$1I$A&;O$R[&KEM)*I$ZU-?PW(;T
[GXA( _(E#-8.]<RL^GTK812W6'AO/#U+YJY5MRH
\\C





MS#C.G#VQJEZ7F^+02(


M'PG918Z8; 8)#HHD@




6(G





]0
1G

I3KO


M@@T*_SRR+.!RY$B0
0O.I%D0I




(C&/;'L6 ]2G#-)0^/L3
/3L2:U\;ZR[%\*3Y1/)<S;=F*\86_Z=FNE

$E:5A-.65&D(A3BL@8

O I
M6A'HR(!1@_F)V)*-@M1$IF8U)9]PHC97H'E4.AIB8Y$!BA4#8 :X )9^GG2:





2[%8$5H-8HZ!A'//5#'E04



)



MXLYZPEB )] +2$RQPJF

MP#V5

M:E;0:.%ECY


MM3YUZ9%WTXS?G.4 O X$ 8ECR&Q#HP6
:.\ T0Q)#@/$QQ[ZL'(B4YVW\LH\

M\/
L&8BI?JX4+SKZ27YS'.W(CKN![(5)0MY*9.(B$&#0#$.BX%3@3S&1WJ


M@7%..2BW&J
E@#H5#E
Q


#S&##6


M&M/0O3U8


6?_$F:G?#*



M&+

A4)P1!L*%

M6.Z=#

MC*(&GJ

OX#1F$
MW$!  H_'R(^6Z-C)R



5(2
@X14SK4-L9:






M$$U^7






2(


9


LFT


)7V@=K51Z*
#_ D4;!S&%ZN:N.G[4&-T5//F
M.O1$VR;MZIV*=IPC67+QJW1

M2*LA3Z\$9V_S%

 ]EA 8D4D64YG6T8WW-

M
H?5

MP'505M*

MBWNR9-=-M3@#R;()1O?]9Y($T8-9WU13MBDM(%5[(7PJT5QH@(/_


M@




MY#)^F432@K/-T;2[03(#+.1++9YD47HA_]*XA-D= RPWL&TT3&AW*2%@?(0U


J1W;$KEOBL

/!V6?]R1:4OEB88X%3ZMG_?$;ME
R

 LP/0%[NB((.[.GW4A9CW4Q?(

&K*:;2S0K#3?)K.._'4S4/D!%V&. R$4!T8=E  .#!@D.+(CP(,.&
M#Q\*;%A08L*$AE6=


M-W'FU+ESII:/+4%*40*(

I@S@O
M7\&&%1O! @$#


MB!@D1Z;P1*UBB%#I0@?OV33&\10+8
\NEH(&SD0+/

MPA$PN

$M+J ) P!&HD5:R('89(-I

MNJL\VUKG@$RS*GC.*/OOHP^)% (N6+H$FO_S*80P/
NM

R+^63+*ZAVPL
M

ML$/SIK



M*[


D^;K%)['Q[;1=+-@TS2/-
YU!7K @J^W

-\)AY
M$9?QZ7

M4&4=;



M^:P%SM!]%HF(A6)S
Z#L(&KLZPA+)/@2+921E?_0_\)QM.5 MR3E(Q4\W0U)


MKS?Y2S57.2$F;WFD;MH%=0S(XN%VLZW3%2+R8- SEI9QA.AJT\@L9RGV/F1
M'20'-#KD(\R^9N*R1;5O0[@ZT)@4*LGA.]ACG.FY1+)MB ,LH*0D]#B


MUGQ;1^!A(*M5T9@


MK*[ 1H$N02F)!&C #FX0VK:.AB '8-%V=7G$N^P2F3G:9GV;ZD_:;A2J5L&@
M2D&DHL%E[C7*$X!O@LO*
V(+ GE2+%)ZNP

IN'K2S2
M=JNHO9/R[@FLFNI8K! @(29F?YJQ+00DW$_YY3-[^




M$@2$9

B[SR6Z[
!\'9
'LD]_9A2

L4A538))
MH
;F08!2EL+G8\7WM=^3-E!=$QC\[GQ=G6J?J-2@)?[S@N5:;AFAP2!'M;
MP82ZV8;BB)%3'D#9E*1C ^FE !\V*0-BV\PGDZW1\&5TF2%5[!$GR6L.0VQ[



M1
]W:*A



MV&0MQ+0&G



D;QSKZ21)0@+:
M.*4.R!\U4L=*


RY9DDH
MM


%
[&. 2E2O_K2;061HKS&;%U1HMJ&J3(ALR\Q;4T39G.[7+W-R.+< N

/S#+T+FZ2@$(X.G


M2$(/+_R#U:1FG#KCA&*3!

M4:OL5!
!+

(+O&@S\%:XP 0+H.NIT1+!NR  ET&
TDAM:;L4 TK

Q=#
M3OU8XB
':QI)S_IT +W0


U[O]8 X=C.]9CAY/C3.)+%;$J

^ [-+
O
L(Y;


MBOWU9UH*-Y3&6'-3!J&5A#G-A!EX-0]8V1XHLLC#0(Q+&HN2XU1#_
@D:K




MN CM]Y9Q=YZ;


%2TE2&S#F2@)U#PAH*Y0M-XTAY;=

T78K
M


C0/C37F(&O?]:0 D4A+9.PL(0H^PFN[ B0F_N

/0
WR;/'ER\7JPO(\6


M)
V3JT.YP
5YN/+_FHM*+:2F$VV_(^BP&UVW-#J;#8&(:1J%A]GV^/JJ@FB
MEB0HR(OK&W YV

H0A )QYO&
/
XC7


;YZ*&#68-V_
T+
P)0!+=^ K^M;L@'$/EV


MC$2*1

$JM


DRIDJ4+VG:9*FR9LF7+F



M_V.


MH
 &IMU$6DRD\61:E1LDJ(

MYQ$O2T3P(HU^_@GH10-$L
2&6(ET5F:*8DF92NL)*9E[1LYY%E%JK27;:@#J
M@

MITYIYW[V*=.L=N25J.NB5.\G51)9-CGNE6;Q1B/];FK@IYP)DV6;D@(.

M9HUYYMD-\X77AS+='L:41JK92O5*+L!:FK;


Z!D2M;9[CQ3#XA+T


@(


M9+ZZ
CW+47*9S%3(UBX9/0CH8&^/$QQ


9#O+P5) -Z
MT[12
@(=G-R%.*6 +
C^[
M::I5,(/9S @D)F/$I.S(^Q)L:*<B0(3E?E



430(AES?C;G/7JE*BCW\C'%-YHEBG

61H 




M%NKFR+63 .15(L.VQS;*M;_:7DU)7PEEKDSX@N\=M\$Q/*CD?EM6-:P;[=;R





_!ZF



YRR'+XM;I2^A'!7?O641R[+#:JFLE*U

M+AJ^]:^?D


M
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_post_SupplementalOperationsStatementAndCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_post_SupplementalOperationsStatementAndCashFlowInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_post_CostOfGoodsSoldStorageAndWarehouseCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'



4Q(6WX6H$R'U?]5^?E+*WII7

M2HJLDB*KI

M?LHKIWU@W/P%02P
$%`````@`

L5R*V.V:SGVL7.
MU49V[M


T')20H

2



WD[H
M[1B]G=#;

MT-M#9]WJL)O1VPN]/:.W%WI[1F\O]/:
WE[H[1F]O=#;






M6$US&CD0_2LJ+NL].!`;XX]RJ++!V755$K


MKLVCG0

M*D)

M=

M
Z

4UA`S);`BL`;959(@Q`D2\S\DN*U$CJTMT!//^E6J%]XK

MF@2;[A1Z(UE6'TLB%I-PE70]ZY#)6Z=FU-Q^N8G?H(;4)BKJ34/X
A]A$;




M4SQ



M=.YK)1)IX1.:[FBCG=!TQS'O:.@3NJ'C&/I%;TQG-T[PG'$!P7LIER1#'/
MTA$UV]&.0[9^='S%#J:@Z#-@#X/1:^1;BK)LZ?-^#S.$#`Q^K]J(5@/?RL=O
MG+Y#WRN#[B!OOW!Q'X:/(@O=X?/P9E6


J-7.C9HKO.G=
/'
70!Q#%T



M_P902P
$%`````@`96QY1UEL*6
^`0``:0

M+GAM;


MKSG&T*^)XV++UT`FX_&
:$`N.7)R`.:N)V95*043'CA:W^&EZ/%NY^L$DX)`
M#1H


G[XNDEG4VN3$!N!$154`Q;!_/LU/FMN']8



!FGK_#`J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;

M@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!
MI^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/

MVH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y`\FIS_I
C0'HYI9







`U[F$RQ#
MI'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X`Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?
MD@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F`6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_
&PO<W1Y;&5S+GAM;,V874_;,!2&_XIEI@FD
MJ4E;:&DD1!3I4D


M^$.GA+E:4_RPP%B!%:

MAY
3__'LNFD_M0-G$)2
SXE&CBZ@]W)HKQW;:X)'+6`':ID8'*=HGZ0F^O(`
M^@XO


M084$2E]EK:/
'&*X]+A%E

TX_1\%TG.





MW95V_H?2O*JDJ]6-.U7CU@KB@E!%^$8#
G7^O=%-=PHZ5S%J9K)RQ:(=52BF

:6]JHXF6W:.S78



\;+





H+?12*C]ASA4

MB@1&XF'(?T6UEQFN3XSNQHR[?+3G2.ANS+B[#?9L8[0U9FS%J

$

!MW+)H

MY@
Z-SX4/!D-PDQCU#IY811F02AULF\X3E'J%*5.V7`\$@93E#I%J=-]@W.*

M(_;7IJ4QD88_J2MABL(

U7VG0A


48






YJ/HU#S?/`JCM%\'(6:YZAY



G<1)4`%GMM-T_W[^`&*J]H+8'/.


Y2G1%TD



M7V
:T#.83B$Z]70:T/-I?A[Q'(*6!;$





MZ


MLV
R!@0``

X

_OVR\%)5Z$RZEP$
'^5




OCE4
'`?(-31O9RLX\E/6/*V
MSJS&TC+NF`Q(]L+#F-;E2

MHD`R3$UZV8
:^I`D5X'


M.1^#UB=IZV
8[%$?P9:WM`QW694L;<4^T2%=ZB<A_+DF#.F*
MP@XVJ*
'1G6C(I!IY(+ITIM&5*TJOO+!\G45@')4C_D*?Q1
3F*5WW.5^S
M+P[M2Y+=9#S\T@BP[&LC0#'N$9!&9J\BAT:F'&LT7S,5#DU%T:;H1&HR.'@







:)%!=
3H'S/QY$U+/2+J!LM5MP'60F?[*5G`9_:CS

0KT'

$%`````@`96QY1XR.E?/?`0``

MNHS`4AE_%8C^8
M6](T(DA-HFIF

M]
%H+W=!J]2PQ5B6+3`B0SY`K[_47#B]%(T6`X2&4A1G$216O

M+Z+(^5G1KH


MM\?


M/[]Z?[;5ZNQ/1



'S\]=ZEC[V\S$(T]-A*5_-PKTSS/.I_
I\3L


&8(?

A]U[W-\[4USFHKJ*(4E$7!=E
M$QX/\[FOW?'0?@Q5V9BO7=!_U'71_7LR5?MX#5FXG?A6OM^&Z41\/
3/NDM9



6L`H9)%D'I(
MDV0D288:X4)$0*+@5

DB
M
8N

`8XNL4*I:\QJ#XG&))HDT7C


+3Z`

M*FF/


VE9I^4MB3@I%.R:U0QK1+7NS*6;*MJF


305D$L]VQ[=%`6SQX!)UV_@O8
M5B`3$JGXW:(;U=X]`7_`^%T



L5$02C)(2;@*@4U4.44&2;)`DN@D
MF1DD522)%B0-^9]-5;E5!DNZP)+J+&LK2ZI'R1PH3I%!DBV09#I);B7)GB%Q
MB@R2]0+)6B?96$G66I`L`@X4794DN8LE7V#)]9_58YCIV.;/'%NGR$#9+*!L



45K^_ZX1`HFT*[G'I&S;%NH5^/+P
2%J
W.





LWQOG\ZHW_[6J




]
KL!*%=BQ`NM4$%GT

UT
QPDX7@QL-#I.G%9T:VKH#`0.YZ[
M(HX94VF'K

MD:

M@W]*'WQ4





3IA]/D-&N@BT-EWM@'*P98
ML1A



M%_-L'&3J.S/VT8F!3E:F$\



G9H(5#CSSE!Q!]R!BG(5Z(E/S5^B!H`8)6


M


M32*'=)NNW*%UI;IM5_M]-W+MJF[CU7[G[7:1Q\VYVI[*\[1


M2F&`9*]@XF;QC9?#Z%%$I[%2&NO/)*&RW%HOBQY9.HF3DCB82Z^PH^;`.B^+

A#;KT04?:C2R%FB.KF


:1

M=)OMTJ!.1N3RMZNL!4%FK$@9-*KM+`)J;9^*JK@KZ&='18%/*A];D]:`H%
M.F'&$

MRSHZ(&8165O3%M1-/(G[


)



M*5X7@#NRFDQYB2C-7
[/$1;JOA-J;][M@5?O5NPOUN\OC-FP?M_@S`8+0C)B

Y
M'+QFZ=/NQ3)[+NNG42VNS8\IFA=E_M;]-F3W`Y73_P%02P
$%`````@`96QY
M1V$/E^NA`0``L0




A_T1@J5&T^94[7A8&1V+2UO8\G.#F
MF/N-J(B-19.F]T:MKU[+S6%?L&L0FC!YQ)SO






K_2\A]02P
$%`````@`96QY1^S#-*:E`0``L0



`;?`F\\[9S(4#*@LR\FDM0EFN%##0'_+#9'_.`B(`_'$:[V*/@_:3U

MY\UF&-70L$&X=SV^P%3;1LM+#QBZK!.BTO%(PD^THK5W$=TY]\.]'670B
MT)FPRZ+QEC:?&*.E871(S+I:GL6.KC94W\1%;(Q:%+UWJCUT7.YN=\5Y!R$
M)@R-F.
59D80KSZGH&LI)CI=T.DZ?;M&WR:'VRN'O]8%\C6!/`GD2X%==EUB
MPARO


#[`E
Q]G$'H\X1V^%5YXV[E0(&5!9E[-





MCTVZ4BEQNK\]D/F5EI]02P
$%`````@`96QY1SPBVNRE`0``L0
``!D```!X


YQSYHPOQ:C-N^T`'/J00MDS[ISK
GRSX@(N`7A]$N

MGVC;!#H1Z$PX9M%X:A1M?F6.E871(S)I:WL63C`_4;\1%;*Q:-+TWJCUU5N9

E_^:D


C1IU_/W



M






K_2\B]02P

`
2P;@VKZQ



M)'
^-2VQO0%61Y(4A&;9'9&
*UP6L?9JRD(/3G`%KP;904IF_IU`Z/&(=_A:





4:M0$P/M
M,7O8'4[[@(B`WP(FN]J3X/V,^!JG\TQRX



.MJ!APGN#LP?
M1$UL3)K4O3=J??92^7F5]!*$9@R+F-

R#
M'D#Y/ZTVDCF?FH[8P0!K(DD*0K/LD4C&%:[*6'LU5:E')[B5X/L*4S?\\@
M]'3.;X5WGC7NU`@54D67L
E*





MC?_

=.+=8MM

MR^U\*.*9O




A;;5BD;*IHO:A
M4I2']MD+`UCQA=AF2?^^OK`LJ6A?\
QPSIDSOE2S-J]V`'#H70IECWAP;CP0
<CSO&U\

FB\=0HVOS*'*LKHV=DTM:.+)Q@?J!^(QID8]&DZ;U1ZZN7FN9Y
M12Y!:
'0B#EM

MG#YBBK^:D

ROM+Z#U!+`P04`````!E
M;'E'XW,M^J4!``Q`P``&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='



FIQ\PC[`/@K46



^B\90HVOS%'*M*HR=DTM4.+'0PWU-_$36R
6A2]=ZH]=%S

_(-K\J!=?'F8XK
MBT[:^<[&-K1:._`FLIM;C'K_?I:#@-:%[0^_-VFDTL'IX?)`EE=:?0%02P,$
M%`````@`96QY1PY(:26D`0``L0,``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
M





M`O?+%9Y!RB#D&_^=-3]:!N(ZOJE_C]-Z]Q=NX1GE']&XWIO-
])`RT?I7G'Z
M`?


4B:9[#0Y$J)S1OM@=P
MY%U);4]9[]QPI-36/2AN[W``[?^T:!1WWC4=M8
!WD20DI3E^3U57.BL*F/L




MI.Z]4.NCU^IQ7])KX)E36$PYKU-V2P;UY$L%ME5AAK
5G&W#]UOP?1*X7\/9



M+W-H965T


M+%@`!:4+L(O9W@$I8*03_Q_TOQ*&8C+_47]=ZS6NS\)X^H_LG*M=YL1DD%

CYKC$








HO'4*-K\P1RK2J

M_4;4R
+5L:C6HXH7=55=;N<3

M/5P?R/)*JR]02P
$%`````@`96QY1WX.I+.E`0``L0





`O`9-=Q21X/R.^



G&







ME+]%XWIO-J.D@9:/TKWA]!WF$0Y!L$9IXY?4HW6H;A1*%/](J]!QG=*?(I]I

M*-DU,V8/&+.:\QN03OOK3(MUK


LKK?X!4$L#!!0`



LVZ8K%BF;JFH?*D5Y:)^]
(`5VT-MLZ1_7U]8



MMUK



MB!MMEJU#Y56^]`^.S`M;ZPM@G;OZ\O0

6


M6N_^PBP\:?&'UZ[S9C.
:FC8(-RK'G_`-
(A%9:V/A%U6=EC
%(\D^TLI5
M7




M
XX_81IA'P0KE#9^2358A^I*R8CB;VD5.JYC^L/N)]HZ@4T$-A.^Y=%X:A1M




M?S]S(J%Q(;SSL4E7*B4.^^L#F5]I^0%02P
$%`````@`96QY1^(CE4^'`@``

AM1GD7WN%/5L%96

#JUFA#`75PXV]L;HV




]@3P.0\YBG71`M:9N

M+%T!-0W\?@`@GP^6+H%$AQXO$!!/E\L'01(%#FQ.

M971S+W-H965T
S

M5GV@M@G=V\\'0DC%=H/MW]_))XI1Z3?3`5CT(;@TQZ2SMC]@;*H.!#4/J@?I

<$7(W'
M9)-<Z^L[:POX++`

WR?-FZ4G+OM7]6]AM2[]F1IX4OPWJVWGPJ8)




M:&5E=#
T+GAM;&U3VVZC

C!:[@V2`[2
G
QPF$'H]X@Z^%



$%`````@`96QY1Z:HCF;!


M/&P.I[U'!
`+@\'



M1(E
*.K8O0MJ7/52D/N['%^\T(@A`7.:8S83`COUR8*L68QT


$%`````@`
M96QY1P@'NXRG`0``L0

M&BY!6:X5

M(8*03_PQ:WZE#
3U_JK^$JOU[L_
PK




5QM!/'

M&J7ZD^_+H@%&Y`/OH=-O*BX847HI:E_V`DAI28SZ.`B./B-MY^69K;V*/..#
`9*C9`V_I@UORP-<3M?U+_9
M;G7Z*Y'PS.GOME2-#AMXJ(2*#%2]\?$[SW$1K#@5-HG*@:I.%LH'F+D<QK;


M971S+W-H965T

M8

M/4BWTB@MJ'53W6+3:Z!U(`F.29I^PX(RF91%R#WILE#Y4SDT9F$(+J]Q-P
M-1Z3++DFGEG;69_`98%G7LT$2
.41!J:8W*7'4Y[CPB`/PQ&LXB1]WY6ZL5/
M?M?')/46@$-EO0)UPP7N@7
OY`J_3IJ?)3UQ&5_5?X9NG?LS-7O^%]6V\Z9
M31-40T,';I_5^`NF%H+#2G$3OJ@:C%7B2DF0H&]Q9#*,8USYGDZT;0*9.0+


MN-S_I\A^)9!O%EEC=E^*X
7!=!MN)\&56J0X34LLO,3N/AX#_A9='3%AZI
M;IDTZ*RLNS[AK!NE+#@3Z8UST;E'.D\X--:'MR[6\=[&B57]]17.OX+R`U!+


M970S.2YX;6QM4]MNHS`0_17+'U#DS151):KJKV8:6J#[O/#@Q@U1=JF]#]

N\Z;S3JH6&#<.]Z
M?(%IA%T0K+2P\8NJP3HMKQ2,)/M**U=Q'=.??3[1U@ET(M9\)!%XZE1M/F+


TP
MZOS[F1



M4(.3=+L106I:5=V'E:H^=)\=&
J+]0VH?OW]8504O&9X9SSLQXQL6HS;OM
R-[D'Y/XTVDCGOFI;8W@K(TD*0K/LEDC&%2Z+
M&'LQ9:$')[B%X/L(4S_X\@]'C`.;X$7GG;N1`@94%F7LTE*,NU0@::`[[/
M]\=M0$3`&X?1+FP4:C]I_1Z</_4!9Z$$$%YH

\0J39S^2D
6=2C!M7!V+*CVHN*B+Z+R=]S3.




A3;5BD;*)JO:A4I2']MD+


MC_:(LV`!!#0N*#_7.`)A`AOO'[HOG9
AW\57]6YS6NS\ST]:_.:M&[S9
M#*

'0
MB#EM
?F*(%Y];4'W6BQTNJ'3?7JQ1R^2PV)+S_\C4.X)E$F@O!'(;T=
F-
M

M;MP@$/T5Y`\(7KS;IBNOI6RJJGVH%.6A?6;M\44!Q@6\3O^^7+R.'3E]



UB3KSW^*+7_RH3DGJ+8`TGH%[H8K/((0





P$/T5
MRQ]0$T/:5420FE:K]F&EJ@^[SPX


M$-?Q5?UGG-:[/S
+3UK\X8WKO=D

;


MW&\+%%L11(H;@3N;T=,F-,MYN%;$[+:4PFFBU?'HEJ/*E[4576YG8\TGLD7
MOH'UL$O9CJN+#IKYT\V'D.KM0-O(KO;8]3[][

MRRNM_@-02P
$%`````@`96QY1VY6N0*F`0``L0
,9EY,V;[8'<.A#F5/N'=N.!)BZQXDLP]Z
M`.7_M-I(YOS1=

L1=3E7IT@BMX

MS^:$LV`!!-0N*#_7.$)A`A/O'[K/F9


;0
MB#FO
;L%0;SZDH)NI9CI=$6GV_1\BYXGA_F=PV_;`L660)$$BK5`D=V7F##G

QU7%EVT\YV-;6BU

$%`````@`96QY
M1VF7

A626WP'M[:;0-X++`
Z]N


M

5$)PLZ
MB=/7

MFP\






$L/'2'
M1Z[PJ'<860YC-T'L(HA[@M@B2.PM]IB#C4G=(LF*2&(19$X1&[-QBZ0K(JE%
ML'439MGF3UREIL5!YLY01HXMVEC%GZ8[8K(UB((G2(V)G*+Z*Q<5-&+
XK8
M*7

M=Z%3(!K^0:31V[/!MTGC#][*BGF%U,1!C9M3$%:#8[59WGT#RUW_`B;]$%

M_P%02P


M?`N\\GYP(4#JBJR\EDM0EFN%#'0G_)0?SV5`1


MQR;A7O7\`Y82'H-@HX6-7]1
UFEYHV`DV7M:N8KKG/Z4AX6V3Z`+@:Z$KUDT
MGA)%F]^88W5E](Q
NMJ1A0[F1^HOHD$V!DVJWANU/GJMBT-6D6L06C`T8LY;
M3+XBB%=?4]]%`N=;NATGU[LT8ODL-C2B\.^0+DG4:!\J[$_+[$A#G?8SZ[







M_4;4R
:B2=-[H]97KU5^R$MR#4(SAD;

M/#G
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0Y+GAM;'U46V^D(!3^*\0?4!QT+ITX)IUN-KL/FS1]
M:)\9/2HIB`LX=O]]N3A6-[8O`H?O<@YRR`:IWG0#8-[X*T^18TQW1%C730@


5'H%S)V2-_XZ:GY:..)_?U'_Z:FWV%ZKA4?)7
M5IK&)AM'J(2*]MP\R^$7C5LG6`AN?9?5/3:2'&C1$C0]SRUH]#V-FF(VV=

M?'5(X9XS'F.V4P(;-4G[)F

M6)88

G=-R:[A0!9-5EBDO]
\.QV%U;P*-



YX;6QU4]MNG#`0_17+'QSADVC
M%8N4316U#Y6B/+3/7AC`BB_$-DOZ]_6%)6Q$7_#

.?

M*'O$O7/#@1!;]R9O=,#*/^GU48RYUW3$3L88$T$24%HEMT3R;C51EC+Z8J

M`^O@%S

MU3]02P

`I
MD$W[[PO89#VI;7D/&R!OQN\-GH]X?1/=K_[






X
$@DE+F










XO:W$NM




MOPK*O8#'@&&5C=1-5/4Y5*IZ:
]LXB2H@%






M-J

C=CE7;Y9-^KF-=._=\F'(6%/

(
$YBJG025)/?8J8+RC5UE2)
MT$\IT0Z[\A





M69(9_3





RYX;6R-5\%NHS`0


M#\6-]._TC#'SOMJFHVO_S-CE*0SI_HS;B@;D@CO^YDCZMF+\L3^%]-+CZC`8

Q$!8





-C+^O)2


L@7ER&:)`A`\S/U*5D
#H2`W4UDYJ*PT*BL]BL1L-$P4FX/D


FQILFBFAI%
M.;)(OZ_I5H%&P2!3278Z*+


MH6@Q'\8WO


M@X]

H$

+'_4NBFT(P*#25H&:X0H'8




M\R6U5^;)OC=MZ[OL+E





M[!EWSO4G0FS5@61VHWM0_D^CC63.IZ8EMC?`ZDB2@M`L.Q#)N
)E$6NOIBST



M:P)Y$L@?!+X\#GE

M
C_4\A]02P





M-BY3UPPXX'=5DELD\.8/PR1UP235
4DCV[6#8IBD+IBD.B;)1KN0P4(8)JD+

MUP&Y+LDM$OA@B@&2N0212[3C6%\9Y\9

M`0R.S`F.#(
C0^&X]!1@S?SL=``BR_U%SAP`R3!`
I?[2`;0QBR/6%!E61Q@
MMEM2:!FC)$
IN5@&C\JV]0'V\F!N7B!@#JQD&N9RO9.BO7);E%`KUBH&0H

[
M$)
;B3FN04QEF+Y$8
F``9
[`9-CP.0`F+%E&16L*9+7LWE92(WQSH?:0G@M




MHD\?C[RJVJ-/UQ\^/W[ZY.%W/]P^?7+SY_W'#Y_7/]P^NOOSTZ?KV_^NUA]O















D.C1\G'/@U::!`(U3
M`[Q-1_CY9M5]724Z;[RI


38=
M9'P^JTO63


M^?0YF6/0L89YJ);LX3(T2/IZ!U\_9%W
*Y\ZY(:\0%2$UDBG[5.G3=X?GSK6
MX3`J


MDSS)&)@CT-JA*C1'NF^?NN]Y/BF9





]


M#FDCZ;^[@HU^RKOF1]OE0Y-DBZ\6\Z/7G8E^=$KKD)SI`/OO*CE]TL[UF1




M

M#U4''D58*4`338/TB\,,-7*]Z)AZA8.Z.J(0?J%`4?Z[CQ=NBQ\MA;IR'S




M65KX-HXV]JL8Z_HRS^UF2S14'\?6)`+=.GUKT3F65:PQ!^&^LR&D4V8)$;





R#VTT


];!`D$-U8%G#%




M`]^/3L-M7B&*D_](D%2ID[*B]%9S0



(F)_2

OX0!]8=?=V;:[V7'UW`$$/`B:H/2%/74!



M/P?L+__IY\P1^^/CH^;^'+@_

480'1QR
L



;3WL(C0R.I4T]
MA#B53$.#7@`-GCHP@];QCR
:&O02:/#4@1FDP()K9M`+F

MP;$L`'TVPRL;AC0TZ`70X*DC

%3



MD14


M%!K(P#R&K:'71#:;JSDHFEX:(PN`*/CE0QC'W^Y]/%^`-+Q.D:2GM6.1ND
M4+J&`7E!
CF*$IN``*CBQ)6\5\/SSRX2


M_V52[0-*?FBW9NOP;]EZAJ:M9#%@XMQVWO:A9N$V8N57*4#?H+QX
#



#8



MG&)2AW@,9W;:VHM@%HC@\Y%P.G%'0/?;QP`-N6'W
N`DX+KNE^':$)N)@=







ML)WR.Z2B&YY^K*64J_AC+$AKX*IYMC7LIHB'TF]5@*L*'0Y6.+@J*&P%3UR2






MOM@+157(`F`&]ZGJD6`C%%4!4]7#0NYDH=F))B$@X]2ZD;
`D&F1'HY9XM[Z


PU`J
T\0


.TGUXA47@VY4BF9)1DMM_GA90I!:
P#J!H)I[6(=4


M:&5E='

#




-@V@
H`?!M&F0:0
HH6!+U



MP(Z:;*`F!FIJ14WTNGI6395\GDZ=6-
Q4-









/E

M?1^EWLY]EXZTQA\UN:DAL\(=O


MQ`$

M23%-34)#IMLP8`%AW!/`%!8A36U/@KL-/C\.F&[`I@$5!\A1DL9-A,URD
MZ`R;K,-;[@!L-D&;`9@$Q0V
Z



ME:LB2+Q5@0@H05F
$T-1@A-_052NBA2Q:^R66]J?QV
'MP[LU@FY]S1:YZ/-










%^LQOETHFN[JCYW-L^WF1]_1I(%!







4J

)/%F9&0HQ%R

J
D8!C
'!H


8@YP@R+)
$U?$Y*!

M(Y6
3%3-R$CIDA&K1O

M`7QF$C+W/2#9399EW
.V$BHL0@4P)2@KG8!L5/W(2KN^C:D?V:CZD8VJ'UD)
M$S:F?F3_OWYDH^I'5L*#C:D?V9CZ$1*Q]2


CX'-9)!S&'$R,ZAW7HD,7GL`L=
MG\,ZB5XNI!=7'W,Y7EE,C)*K8]Y*<OR^$!&;^


M%
'53S<_V+&47_*[*NGU9G+ON\AR&[?XL
MJ[Q=JHNL^W^.JJGRKK]M3F%[:61^&(VJ




P;LW8![#;@QX`\&H98R
M/HA=WN7K5:-N0:-G[Y(/BX0\\_Y1[X-V'&ST\^T?1=N/OJUCQE;AV^#(8.B(


M@8`D-68#
3&&V4)

F'
8(M7
8SO$$L5L(2;%
#N(27RB8=L`L@*E&P
M@L0H61M#'62A'XJ333UD4T`V0\FF5I!XF:!D4T#V86T)33;]_R+(/%0S0!5]
M'IO
O%$'5P?0!E*-OL_V:&!.-D.?[[3S2*4K@'I*/R1B:$+0$\1CMH!5&3-
M`*2,5OV),@&44Z9V&R8(]$@REZ9@#
!G!T%G*!M9.)
P:I`
VEC0(:-P&=\





GN7R67%_R49A\Z%9S\P!R




M+W-H965T-C



0]
`8ZJ
M(O1
DI

I692DTO
W5BD^:H:CPG

Y?#6C315
MY*5(0\DW4'(-Q5CW0ZZ]FQ?MRN?KRRC\H1+&V(N'231_.L&+.
9)-L?11EFR
MZN=DBN


MU?Z!GZ1BN#_=E



?Y7&KWYK(7J]\[Z<S/=*OR/N.`+D?QSW):'*EHRL;9\%Y^3
M\KNXO'(Y!U8;W(BD:/Y;FW-1BK233*PT_ME^'K/F\]+^$A(IPP4@!7`57/W@
M`E<*W)O`&Q5X4N9I@4,%.!+P6^J20@L!4$$I!:J(I`R%=0U;RM';A)_







F-D
F-D

MFZ#&GG6
V:&/82\Z1NP(




M8
AJ#)&O=AVQ!XX*=/2L0/7#@C]@`]_`N[0%1FD;W7IIJ

M=


M;N_/;N;GLU.\YU_C?'_

XB8\``#$0``&0``








MLAD'V0MA91-E6ICM+
8$NAMA8*O+&:O+4:TI+*!VH
FTU
O_QX7`9=R90.B%
MP#I0GT8


+N

4CL0
(_M





M^&48

@[.GJ
'-;^:_S2QI-D4OSN



IM3(F;7

RK
MP^`6SGN'1:TM2JU].[CE`F[IX




M/%`JB


$%`````@`
M96QY1R9V52;\`P``!!

DNYS^^^8+S@P=


MT%;?E\_Z


M.:7)8D:3;I[LYHL1JDBS



\0TU#+0Z(R*+1S?JX!Q1\61S+ABC6\C/Z4L^LU@(
MH`O)X$
AY



MZD=D%(QE+.K#XM0I@13.8\L]!$54^9&WIA(49D5CB.4J\9'!]/D?%4/D`Q

M=NTMY2M1%2



'[0Q%!VA!5[:'2:@_MV2$FH

MW


4#RN


M3#1K@DFSUS7^HG!%]J5$8LQVP/-;BU0ZHK0LTD.AN0+B-`&$:I]AL8^0WN
MR)8@4@DB(T%D0J9JITK3JT9MK)I2UWB;T*8Y?*4Q8.

M35/&:[Q@C4T=M1D!34Q4!,K:J*5^/:)8V9]$`56V.0Y;+HFQJPUI[M4Z-G


M%*5AB^K.KTHU]DJKDCQX4W?XE7KLT;:(_MGCAO0['_CCP%M]O7$Y$%9E.-6=


C#ZK#!1E^)1$`P8J
MS'Z.`1

!L
M4F/V)@;:138.D8U!$)LBF1;1F$Y/=11D-M#!`


KF/ZZ*`?.+F/

MIJJ&3/W

OMY;\5K7FUU3_EJ;OT:I--=#+GXJ/JOMG[


MGT
B%R/'F)=EC#?B=1FADD=(W`MXJ)`^%6I2(9$*Y4^@?`E@2J!0`L`BLVD9
M4\QUC$FV*8Y)IX6@&+\
(&0`DJ'Q%/DD`Q93)5O,QRE)R'+*W]2C2A1,E
MJ3]!2FQ)RMF2C%045OBO


(P4(HQB5B'$(E1#54F;)

S5&/-R%-5=%;LI\A3FG'0
M*+W.MZ)ZJTH9!XU*5P^:0`@60B&N







/\3@


'I$

M[#]02P

%Q?@J`_



XGR
MR*DB
8




M&GCM&]`3F2TK49$%A;
VD`XM#ZQ#1QR&WV!A'7OAL*266VO$15UL`$G+E!






$%`````@`96QY1^7
`4H_!P``





MI2Z+AZ/1?K?@6:87^V)[F*^6Q^^^U:ME]=KNMH?R6SUK7O?[HO[WNMQ5;U=S




M)

3=`3SODL8A


Z=`.A7&G*!SSACC[`C&MP)U@XO)R8AV3D!B*G
M$P8]P%/UZ`'


4?/0A';L!6&%%IB@_\)0W^B&`'Y.*@@GOB`C#


M\C

AG%'$2Q
MR[`YOIZ`(@LA!H*[*3+4!0AUQS'G;T585`CO.SI.=P#*/T`A


M59R*PA0/@C/0.'0D.(I5$)@34`&#:PH+(A%59H*K4'_UP:RJTC(_39P!5
M3%-EL2#+&0'*&6?Q=1%N0S5V+CNBA!HJ5V?(#.!L.?#?3T!.0QT
P%%JA=!

M$

`9#

H%NB1YEJ%EP33JQ#8&5D[*0TZ,]A,?U%A
M060^+`K8':E`RH#NT((H5^!<GI_ICQ0-!4/=86.9*W:3O=&BH)R4E,A6??
M5I-'WYK<4.HL(8GI<)?(G(E*=#Y!DO=.I;I4)
LPX5&@T+&4)V1&J*!ANA(


\(AD`F9]HT`8X3?WYIPYT$=


M4E!.D_)@@3SP2)5@R:MAFW0U;



:OE2/)5_%O73]M#
?E1M6^V/





R%-S6[2C).^(4'XDHIXG]/F+#E&;A
M/?`Z7@:I`ZIP9;7C11/8F13P'%_#+\DAU.E%4;P:\2+<.:!KOW

M8:Q+P`2W4CL@-=SP
R9$&RGPG]7S/U(GNO.[^S?3K:K^C`1^9N3WV
E!%1N'


O9G3!/Q&_C)
(SDRJ
M*V;N0\^8Q
HJCE1S@WK(M@7!O=334G=M[[9=2#;?7ZKMN6S^`5!+`P04````


M;6R=FEMOVT80A?^*H/=0W#MIR`)B47[4#(0_O
V+0M1!)=DH[3?U]1).4]
MS





M



M&!.&

M.!G=@1?FPT
'.=U!$!R$N(/IHF7]A(1HI$XE@1)M8Y%E)R
3K&1@19%6LN@N
M)LE()ZAQU.+M8HU--&TV%\SF8%:39O/H)CHA-=L9FEVL40FS2SHXLFZ[/T9V
M#6EW$/7W29EE9D5HAF35:`9@92QM1L$J

MHDHES&E4)-]&.P`XXVD[!F]$JK:H2B

M7&_RD&]!9=@]*G%:`:@M#6H5$]8S\`-18
^OQ&&5SR%;/H=LG`@C)`FS.IT!




M'+V@C%MDB9(:*&D9




3@V]]*B*3S':(6DX
M+C;2D!N1E#4;0):;G.`ABQ]$0[SYRV(/23RH;



3?`U1#(V#E/H
M'`LD7*2
_23


CM`2-2(!V&+/1*9Y#^C('


MN#


85



I+[(Z*&_YM?WGI:R*K&D?J]=5




G&'K(QD)VLFAG(QDXG
M
B`Q^QF8U
6(@%F:Q$


0G)UL#4

M3K%)$D!?YMEF20`]J!F*/MRC\#D0R[[3B1S=%CXLH:`M&%:D`[81B9Q7Y\

NL-^#BB==
?Y

M-^46@G3Z!(B8%C

VD

'G-SX9%JA3-



MLYH]H
AE2!D(TO7E((V'&K0_:#=S3+C:G`D0\25/Q9:N!`]FHD[[DI#&)$1O

7T






M-[BK3LWP-]F]-VU53DL629G_&E^/Y^'U.O['IV%9?($

OE;+F
W6`[1Z@T!GD&$
0)%7-
MC?M48)\Z;D#'#.C1@`8&#'1RQ#Q!C(UAMA#CXHX8PA$##/BH(Q311V98[(T



T*L5N83A!,7/&
M*1-($HL

MI=%2`Q




T2

9*1GY`

M4K
:RYK56$KK+#FK92Q_DO*(!#H
5=[BK$!..FM,XUIS&43KG.',:)\@,
ML6-$(`K;#\5?!_B+_8SBJ&[5L:8TCM(ZQYG20)!NDA':)C:*C*.4X4QH(
M4BH&VMZ!


M0N._GM`@$.@(17(/2*X04GBJF?6L9M93DNC)9C;DAU=X?H3N'D*P_/`4Q3UD

AU/24








#L'#(1PR59$-


'FH-L\


MDG1!N*8_X9K^S!F9P2PI'!@2G_M@@56]4W_B5?U9TB9(UO0G
4H?V4MB($4S
M@9+$@:I`1',0R)&*Q2
5Q2
?17E
0TBD)K29Z


!\--?B&$8Q&=

P

MQT]BRBOM7]F)$.Y]M$W'MOZ)\_-=&++=B;28!?1
NN')@?8MYL.P/X;LW!.\

M[+A(@8?+.WDD32


M6/AH)

67R&Z@V$A=AZ3D_W8_5`H&V;?JR+-RO!=))HT


T
+/8DL(%)MP$)KC`A%O`!-`6-;/XN


O


=AN
&
M#S(






A

]5_A]02P
$%```



M





\0(9SW[[!8.=KE95+7.8Q.1UO^IV\W
]L[DV[8_N



M]O





J::#%2CT&HROYID_(?[.
;'`1^-^CC/YXLP



IDT7OC^3P(0$^7(`//1M!$;4@#B`2`
1E



M*I.B2\N7B`I2!$OF0*H$+!EM$UZ4WX@-\4-@JARHA(DS3%7`N52
M0&@SU!1L;%N4VQ0'4P4[










V#NN9NPDH2V.+]B8%E

3;T%O



M;T4+!P1)CR`)!'%4D+2(:
RDDRCV$

M%*F'(@44



*
M)5!4MD9Q7/4*Y=HA/DMCT*PH;IX`)1.'Z-\`[9T@*-GGC0S:GL!_69C]II6$

M(_0T\/Y

Z72OCX1]UUWZ(7\Y*?6I&PZ3

$%`````@`96QY1Q:-MN5]`P``&P\``!D`



^<WQOEVI/)OPGQ+F]^'+=^)'/@!3^T<HJL^_C@


9P4
+!9+!7%3@R25XTB24);$H
M#X5B-9X2\P3$-`$9)B#Z2B5ZEG0H=1!5DPC%L=F(.HRHEBDS3Q`[2HW7E)HX
M,DCT4E-CJ8E2*N(I9%)MM=DD-((S/FDCGQ2)1^68F


SAP_2Z


H8(&(Q;$10'M-AQ(2(UM.+@(!6L%O4,FD'UK



V`(3_BN'[VN*;




M^+A.^C[D17YH^R:R[N
P4B804V56`?%?C@=.S9X.NWK





:^U1`-SC%%A-(D9OQ
I29K#(EY49[%2

M4QMZ91+O38XN[@R!*T81\M1%7BV4R.S+9IYL&*&!VR%%P%


IM-R4/]]0(WAU0:=8898HE]PM+L
MV65)$1+RC%AB[N2I`M&?(9A8'$P


-H+T7$;:8(-'
(




X

$

/L
ZUE2P;$`;J=_?;+
^8K:%^

0;0.CT56==_.\:.J
MBWPT63AY\JO_3:_=[[W_)_0'


NL4XPU

M%]GGHA.
^[%_!QTBFJQ0+;EJW0IUG`(%$_S4)/UO4)!NWG0+$1`OD&MGP#
M/=\(*^

/J_B3



``

I30(QRF5=!H/N680M_
M375!XX&+RMX&4`%ZS-Q3])%M?IE2DDLW@Y00F#,WI03G*K$M
9I\0-U768






W
SSKC?U35S^[#W</E/.EL*'?E?=.I*-J77^5UN=MU


NXHAGFG=G)J\FF#-P02
M6#A72#11XIP%1CIUR]&F2O0=)84]3.'K1V09G@/DP^4J1]H
T(9/P&*V2P




E0+6







73



M



M3E
1/R$HEU&D'I^2D[DT)/V



M=K'IK_B^JU\M7XJG\J_B^+0]U+


1
M=]#EN&IC)[%%;M76/ISSK
1



M#`7


M&G8+L



IDE[B;1/25OJ




=WOH

1IBP-02JB_*M4_^TH?AH









PZY
M

M'1GJ`:BS

;T2I-!&I




68\ZFC)Y@M*YHM


*(.U'M

MH3ZU(L6%DM

TG'$)Y
M44D\.@ZF^_SAU!Y2


93=Z.^
/SE2[&0AJ

1*3%#4MWV
R$T$4MSZ@$'$J&80!I`;=!
IX$0Q=Y9#**^A=&-

M89HQ1C7%'MQ/LB7_2&/1F]B(4SC':;Q#A-YBUH1P!+187K(7D:H\I:@2!7


?\-;H\I&8@
RQ63V\O5@WWP[=KUVTO^N_9Z1_<=B^O!^^
M-N7MNUNN_P]02P,$%`````@`9FQY1]+#$OF:#0``85L``!D```!X;]W;W)K




MU]




M!R33?



M@$DTF


B



JD@^0M/?70


MC]F
K.*(6IW^(&X8O2,;*Y;L!KL?.W%J-54:YDC+!?FU8*EOJ$B
M([WFAE9


M?U/OUD)
M1(S6NVCI:H36JEY_8ZN6=/H+*!D'#VG]14M28RNII(D36Z4


K2I%5#2PDE@5:/T7G_BT\)BI.O6EAJG5HU)!R?!KH$8$ZDP@`O[

H[.`@'W-S0*NHI..2H+/`

1A0

M8XE?AMF\[OTR;`&HB9@_A/G$GH-LJ5_VETM#;E5-+U$$@CPL%YJ[!7U]!IUG
MF




@RLL/(TU6-_8#?R!-0+1&ML'BO]U
J;%EEVWEA(Q4KO]62

2HDNVH'4S5XP\(
M&CUBO;@6\(#'T#:A#.:F_`$F[V1C\P!*1YXT1'F:;AC






5PSQ
M*M*]$0A.94H(O//`VFMBQJL$\U4DZ(T!JQ1)/ZG#99H3%#UB-54ES%BQJJ2'


M-W;.+^*XO.S/
!T74U$Q*T5\(\2@;CR+
'8X_FX$
0-3`HDILJE&PHS^`
%T


_=NMO[TXOM#Z_5?O]_P%02P
$%`````@`


MYU


P`2R&56^3[AW2?4&Z32;GOCA*%U;-4/XQZ9=;


VZ



+0FCWS


4\$P=88O.9X-6=`'5'EYV9=@81
M%RUVE]*#
+OAGA!TD)=


\ZT:_-'8C@2`3KZR%`9F8


E5'5'E3(6FO

W0&6&G*)


MN:[1D_:(TJY;PGGXP

6.7


M;?W-^.`W!&&C#
`W5^I\G^+NN&V7/:'.Z/;;.IU1IYEMIV#
MD



MO


)T/H
H;`3NZTK5;MKR*JR$6!A8`O^`:Y
M9[/[SEO@V:$CPMX#3YT[M#OL2[Y3ST0[
H
!7`[D$03NK6.UN/.DO$/_Q/;9






MCF7(1#(U9/C`9=IV.;04&%A#%[?.^`:=/OIY+\!'T9






HJ
3$\A$_
MI(HI5;*P3:KI7ZZ%..ENJ.['J@F.^J'1S$]2A:W24UZMH;ZH=#53J4A6IK

MHLQW0HVM*QVZ?U1$?268(M*F;+^Q\U]B@I^DA:99#7AW5C&3`RC+M*JE*?
MY+







(NR6`4A:
K..

&ZH4E:HD%EZN$-AES,0PBK`KLIU2?R:

OVLK#/%ES
0PBK`KR1BP9/Y=NVB=C!68

5_)_+N:\*2XZ4E1\4G27U7$)RLP$\



J=K:




M!`R/X*


J/[?$K:@HH
M%MFK15$SDZ+UE`N
F@.*Q2XZ$PM`41^O?@FIT


&JO!45]F)3/?&.M
M`X_%(X^%Z3$Z2T-A%D/L_1DHBTV(8
3X*3%Y0&A;!=A(@6V8BC-[FFG^E%@\


10

MH^-&CQR.H
-H$QE&P&'1T7)-BG;TY;$)
6$/7[=;D(\2:J]OW6X!QF**-^\9
MP'B
YYS#8

MV0TPTC'
L479#XO:
]




!#\%8(?$$JR[-:&+*!.$;2'`D$.

M/2AN'W``[4\Z-(H['YH3LX

MW/P]@
1Q3W-Z3;R(4^]@M45FWFM4*M0$T
='OZ+=\=RH(@-\1GNS)\'[



E01I&7553_$W/S`/P\PSS%OTD\RZUMK


?TD_V_3AN;#_;)I?IJGE\%T!36N!-






M-]@4H41^LTD63*X7#PDDCVHEU
.
47_O0[$ELK2(=JN+SGG3W^C

`)[DV^K0#3C^
9/0J49EV8OUZ\XE&
<(AJLL=(/M+$7@:_\A$/\@%-T^M*[\)^5C
M[2RCP=+VL)=]^RX'5WVFSR]RE?YMN7TW

M
]0@HDKI`^ZK?:WN4%?=










MUXIUC(..M'X-KSR)Z'XGWOCA=*G[O9HTX*_4/\/TZO#Q%I$$^I6#92Q%


U^-*9F!8_/D]3)254]ESSD3LP3]X=:FRS+_$:G[+![#-)


MVKT_`@:UG[]L$T$1VZ.Y.;TUA?71(-R=.!_I:^NA&G4*2S'^MZ+2O[\O5JOD

M;E3EZQDKCM

OR_Q&(B9ZHH5GR6:W
M+7-_$'<E<502#JY*_,4C+0(@R2+?O+AEKUMLH7_64'67NX6T`S+C'W2M#2Z




MXE8D7&O4DUNVNA3X:;J!QY-QMQ!





D`+Z\




M+0$XBW=`DOJV\LJLOO)@UV\8D_CZ+VIQ

ME2-IF?1JNDA:[*Z40X3I$5LD(@/25F99LN:P\7YB0FIX5DQ?[,)LA/1PW40
MI/FW)2%[)6P-)%C&?A'8AIT6@CW!%@Z&LD2RQ(D^39;WHB2L6%FR53S/@
J
M5I:L_U/%.Z:)(.TS6MZ30*-N]$@/SJUM'FC:)TY&H








MPQ=#34HG4%;;DWS3TT\%%+.4%+=GV+QP_;X&_1M1+`BV)8B2N$/`$B-X+:YH
M;S2A

ME8/&E
KEZTP%$#Y%&-
DKL

M1\MO[PN.27/

(S-R_0U==WK`5A!4@1AVU
M5;`3






M\;VM1W=/\'PT'`_[0](TCN;3_H`'.YJ-^B-V!'A59)J(2XM_AU
LB2.H13-E


P^NQA#.JOK_+-C2Y4C`1KEL7$A

M?Q$P3YE4


M&_7;PL]KK[58($7PS*MO1Y#]R$RS)H`1HEFG`X*NGH+RA$#LB53KE3J''MM1

M%7MP/R87[4@`M#L[F]
1'27'P[
1'9O@XGPP)1S$I]/)F+ZEG\\&](W\.F







?UW`U.+5@PW.

C2?)&8;9(!G=E\S=YHP`I3
&

M\2_R%'P&VE@WZDIJ7!8(`+(A:[[V9VQ2RDS#SV=*+3QF[;S-[;DF
717C?


M%0!;Q@^*D^
0WH4;]N@L)37_ZM%P2*P7P_TM*XN&4/9BE\D\=QF/PKX68V+L
M.0X+2

M5SQY_(KU'/:&##(83/H3?\O\M-+-HQ&$'??+[TG)?BM=$,MQQ&ZG8
T1PB





'M5
0IN!W5;ENP7B##:-



MX


!#3(N;+P*A/X



HHL
C8\HD5

@92/TPMOOHT!B

M?2QVH1`@Z\@1AR4=GG`/%LX-&F*(]+?QBSF'4S+_HD$WB`GNJ\7$+.E$@B
MW(/]NR6*(C4.1L4*A@X7)B3G)\[`99ZB5H
?SD6C;HD)?LHKB4Y9(X&+@ZO8

1T]E0G

H3HPH
JAU.$'TA=)/['IGS:3L2$XF3`:&^AEXG@X:L*
8?Y


M[/]G!R.DJ

M5P$




M(?

M5D-;V9?Z^VWO[

M

M.M&:^J:
G8!JI6L)[C7)_S/E[M903!QGJD0B=QJ687AL7FB+5A':X&QQ4=2K





MB9A\&H+QA66;5&-Y

E\R0=%#LNJ\`_YF-MRC10T8

D@S%;A&KDN5Y-Z`5J`KYV-0$O.&\'HWDVH5*V&/WFRI)BAFH+9%



%B$*TA^]Z*
^3E^V
MQ6:6EHLP*L9*5RR9S(38G*?AD=='N8BKVIT-*+8$8#K(]/IPZWSIEO-SO/V&

9/,K(Q-)]T
#![%/$

GO6^4ZQE-EGM


M:[9QE_1J*`O@UB3QB

M\]+C+QKP@41+C@9RYN%-UYQ!8P/%LS8_$NY'=]KNPE!&YB
')6QK%$+CE]L0


_L91





!?-N7W51YQ<,KH,OB&_+GQ`7&CR+$M41%8+K*!T2HFF[R)2
MD:+($Y

MV[




-++22)^.
M%H8%G--E-`[-14W
.+/NXKH9F[27N+YAV'`U4H
OVR-RQZI/Z5BG+D`N;*V
MY!FI\+BW:LZ3\V0ZNZ9%T2:MWQ[V:K?BWO:\4=3KC[\R
/IVTYYL%@*NG)C
ME01
B6%%)Z^\V+MU55=
P/I]4:Z6]XC#5`1DP]TOA`&K__O_2B[[Y]K90D9C



M-A2^E`U9*\)_J)_.`X2PBL:\GJ#:D)M[#FM(49FD9X(@(_OJ%?(#XP`R5H=@


M

:L

.X.@A^/ZV8V=%
Y!&\++6I

W
M8!1ZR'0B$0DLV^8\W8Y%ED&EC(5A(TE*ONV$0J-/^.2%^H[74F`JT`<8H




M.`3(S!(0K&9H;G)C]1B_NH`TN[N=;%;/K2DWA;$-/:(KT_!1B]18HT#S&9
MY]HWQ):*MIEK40&(/1U#S
K4








DM2U!N.8G7<LT.3LE


'*3\0

M4'O$#

)!([OH=

LZ^E


.@P_P[\#3O.6.15Q%940:J`&3%S7B)87[

HME

3SB0
M1K10K86)/-Q+NFCBZ?C
B
MMU/+D-&3X5KY$W$F6TMM.!+U.(6.*O]EGIQBP7_(WET_D$\.77SM2LKL9.N
-4-'


VU$/ZXN!_?LGFC#CP1KR1TB2&,'(-D$TRD-

RI%^



XO=_H9QM
SAO#QV93]#:/Y7/[M34]/Z33:W)0D$Z&O
MI*NJ^TA9/D


M+#\AE6*SO:V2EUT'=
CTQS2_S)(MG^TEH:=C0SWYCSKU'*O3KTXYCZ\(@I?H



=Q+E1=ME:UL
V^^U9F*ITZD:]C;IJCK0D#5UESM1Q]X<36

X^XT2](H\U/T!7G[(]DPT.QIA`H@D8VVC\

M2]7,#PNG\*D)(1C*-UB9B(MC7MHHC\E=OJ[-#T?I7?9%I+_JY`:Z8\/GT[

:TE




]-JS6\;

C!`O_




/B51604

MR3D(.TP^ZLU)L&V[



S&O=-3




MNW0`$F7#+W^=/D#KEUVX)/HG;

M7@/M/2(60GG5/7]

Y3-\^V'
MAX/!]XD6GZJO*S?&8&[QIB9Q$839'G9-&.R4$6/N!\[4]W7D%QBPY!I=)V
MBC5W&56[O?2T4)+:@7IJ@1-_B$YE\E7K-W!
M/6_ZD1QGM'1I6YY:SANT&'H

MJ)OB/4/$O?&G6YU9N:X;-=BXG45KP%F'9S!UI:QAT&*!P=DE#&I&4?H?XM_T
M=5%.?092IU]3%4K:S%H4N*`\LO86\R/3QH!['K%'(T1K--*%ZF:H]H8
'0U4

IDVV0IXIY78X
8AP!!#
MPA5KDZM51@JEZ6&P1H]BK@X6[3VP^V17

KF0]I[+C0&K'4





]Z\-GRLS;!S?)5M




MX(




M%M5JE;@.HQ?%
N-PL-?OM2.SQ'`3






MT5HSH!G(2

JR/TMPGZ+XU6C`=Z8I:.V?L?77I

`2'=A2GH1W7)FYA/682;IW49R13E@=WL
M*#XTQKMA=M9Y%@Y&?'2L1`]





%P^%`
MG^



ME\`\)TXSFF

MLKC0



09L


M?5!259Q;V4[%4X9)%*P=8W)JAT1[O:M-/3Q1BA436W4R&H?]&&6SB773[D
M*IM!G5H]:*K5OVZ

M&MVH[E6?V%B1C




M7$R55'%;2Q4WGV3ES']+;U7U`3FN#SQ@Y?-)2!934[Y$MQ&?U1YA;(0H-BZ6

M:YBQHY4`;)T3H*TA_+PN9M]J,):Z[J?U/T
$K=D$+B[;QN7P@KB-[9KLPT
MV*(C4W3$]BVG?IK=V98^$U)5-*


MYG$AF\15;-KL&)0E:
AGTE;LBT7L/?/`D

]!+9)RY'PY=.E0=M.9-0Y8@4










MS73_$=O$,=7NRV;_=F!P@?U3
=6(;D2T1!F#M-J//?:!!3^$I.!Q2%-6J)

5%WHIDJKHZ.N&X(&$*\E5NRY@`O&`




ZA=SEVS

M7&80/K^


M::)DCI&;_0P*`F??


74I_\HUU##YLS0&/&\L)%R.VU;_YM;
PHH@=
MS1$M;6]?9HT=3RP_GF@]:KMH_&'6&;%)9H/


9UHEDFHFQC!Y*-\KNHE





M--2XIDV*
#'R:J
3AX(N:





JZPO239LQ

\WZS7*!B#@<<VUXX27HD95&BSQ'FJ(F--F9O


II8X@HVW#!HZ7P=
M+=FPV)A*Z7IHFHO).9J]Y

MPG@$2Z6\F&F;T^B?ZYO@

M
S$5@#*VX1Q-APCG3Z^Y.U+Z(+YKT1?$1HX;4;DWNM,T(A7-ZWG=&@.F\F
M


ZU=CU`K1[OF;6&=[HI$\&NYHM-.


5+?S2


M%0O]R3LH![J6RQU1E$Q42K5S_'IY_DP4B)^*U7)-


N$U#*BTZJO^?PGF`H?
ML



Y0F4YN^^6N+);(9RJ3]YR;(J.@




3
&E]+4RA3C88E;U@$K-$[:M-S%-BMT$W'KZ6O@OD1RN/

X+[
M*2@[9V?]8(3HUG#G7'M`U![U^S!R*1(794[(!N;%J:S.DJWT2+2XIVE+J/=C

B
MLZY#\H:?$2`*Y$5!/09Y`MZ#%3D=+7BFW0&'\YI;L


ME'R)MIXIJ\-!.D+B;8T!#&#
1X2S&P+3V


@P(B6FEJ78'`B8T0L]X9!RRB_$E2

MM`R5
EQAUA[4
HXW8%0AR-UQB4^^&]R




I9










M!YYRK%_1LNX_H:#:77;32WXFKK`MKM(DN[D)^]`*OTS(?+8*GZ@T







TOUQ)S`)!?

AD$!3PR#:;ZF'U




^18+1Z

M\Y7.&

M

KM78







M#OCG-;$G%5H@I:&_L8`ZIY0MV+2R\T[97DP=&2G9U!+C9B!+*-R&`&=KLWFE

$ZJ#'F
*H





Y!




M1





M.!.^Y%-:RF]

&Q6&'%B0([8;]MA@]
M%H2:Z-[/F`6_

M
`:;PXT%L;X=-M



MF3'7

M\/E=42!D73M#.ILF_AUKZ7S\^XK;P2L_Y(+QK
K&6

MO_O0P*JH#Y?MVZ$=SS:9=E)Q#3
OJ45Q(Q+)R3
-:@XG(



MJV(7XL+XJHBK




(+M+/BED^6QBA-=E-?9Q



M#B`X(TQ;YZL5?A`I5
`9TZ9:C1FD'IRA:MG)']1\M\.3ZMXH7**U!Y)
8F






7IZ_UVQ1$M+6)NWJ!0;GK225*C0=U`CD'D2&Z+%;-IQ,5KQJI(
M=3XI6RT$2=NZ^K
V5)JAW17ZM^8
$?9+_S7X!MPKI9.8PE.T8VA19^SMI
M/7Y57-Q[/6E0RR&G)O$B_5PKA20MF'79OD(IDVIN9HM3YA.H0FD=&4!P
H=D
M0D+8(EA7:D\KUG&KFJ.1;WO;'^VA:$\73`2$3BX5++H!ROL.DW-%YY?NJ-_Q

Z_]V?R1S^:MK;';&@`S
&!FA-W8OLQ5E`EN5N+WS16NX9+/83+99D3LND#DG9H\7^
MFO-+3\83$7FIRBJ2LGJPB[/`3)LBJ[*R
B/C'D^027_=0!K93$3`FKB_]TVA

2UK
MW&BX=9%2
+8D@YJX+'/%@!AAG43+AJP6^D#79V7^`@2;4M!L1I(-CMOM[$:
M:&+;?B7C9/2*3[,R8V@P6S5?.*==N+$_32_NI`J.NY``?J36B@O/'7=6_A9M
M?!&B7+&:`];@.4!1A&@5145XU63&A(V(1&-L8-;JZ15ONX[
7[@U`[FM-/X
MW]NA_O@[6;:CF^_A9[HXW



M1B

^FD#O^4#7\:-=[`V+'Y%Z@;+Q@_HJ'D^#5BHW#;EL885TE[H4MBKJ7-=


!C\W@LV'.8O/K_

RX\?D


V?#

HJUI=


AH--8!2@K?
MQ^]5G
PX3MF--\*

MDF3



L&#7-D*Z

ML2?X3M3-[O@?+?AF;\.#XV+GQDFODJQF/^EUO_PQ3ZMA8?!$S:VOPCC-T#
M%/M!;DZE?5J1J?[F7E],B/EMSI)4]:$LT$EN;UMX`JG

\)02/+

:(F)G_AAA1S]?*MBW7!@\=O:(YXJG



2&A8^

H



MD]F
C#)#L^9KC_2-SCDKR:=LU)?9`;2?S:580!TM,0*5EJ)D_E6@.LLI)E\
MN0*P*GDUX9E8;OR-MDF:QQX'&ZIL6TY]W=6+&5;+HR*:+F9AFQ][/8G]J?BL
M6=RCS`?L')^5ANGF(R$C;@3P$/AO7=EA[!!J3E#&%$IJ$13TJ?RR+[2@&^8




%67O


MA$?:X3;H8




M@$-?JP[D0[BV0;($.8VAZUW/4^=!:2S866@=BI/$@7Y)CAZ;YX;H[[45=KC3
M8'=25R8!Z/TM=HEHX161K*65]`L*?!V
M/XMC+O)`$Y[:6&#-$+B2H(R$XLT

MUZ&5!SX:*Q

M9$KA9VBO0E&L.0O??)5=.8Q(9;+`Z@X_,3
QKW=`!^;FOA&'*!_AN@2_7?
MR#GO%?Y_)D_S=
^0EW`%7$XX7_2?M]T?

M4$KZL(
XM_#6Z\4L$%80+3E@#3M=JNBI)N?094Z/
5JTT`L=SF+=K26=P.
MJX@


LAG+1'R!
M)OWS%FEC!+71J!6*EMQ:07L]+PCXA8Q)E&#-N5'WW()5KS\[M&UUS$?S1#MO
MZWD`YWZ%B7B



M4F.

^UL_*Z4F1BRS@@)MN




MP:+F)UFKV%`5%:`*2??=
V

M[Y5O%-*ZYVEB'LP!1*
VLX^+C?

Y9.OE


M_;Y5$Y/D\/TFR%
+N)H-Q?E\;V$HRLA\#;YX:]B_):MUV



'1
WM\ZBFR]77@L91#3U1J-6Q)1@6LU\GU&%0E!V3?1R

CKUZSC\$FE!8:9;C8Q@L@!WE16-1
MWG-ZB3/?^@UVX+XP-?

MZ
M@BTE`'MTDJ4M+6(]P5TLD

MD1X@JHIYOO&
4%2[RSAX\&4M_5*4;6Q*

M+!F(7/WJS=W0\&1M?N)L;O+!LA=.[-.;&3;]%`.:%!D?R\%5I2F^R,466/


%/0$*W3LQ2@#(1GFCQ7&)LGR^C1MA-S







3I@Q_XB4-2:@5*)I(NY]3P]L;=/M;V;;IE$+EK^3]RJ46F)-C


N2EP

M-\:V7MVK+N1HF?.S)%&

V9D


\
-=0-O2L'U0=/O%[LR(3M


GWX#


IN1

M44=%&0TK
2W&.3=(2K0KGFOP\LP8P54Q92C-29&FW-)BDN1$[*J@73`WEWX8


16-3+1S



X(X:2SAE5!@(E5




7+



W9*#5
6]%J





M6$)
S^UCS54ER--21_,U8@JN44PT67/'3!S##J2Y_;C;.4.S;.
C2'DO'(

G





M6V2-

MVD$&C@\?B\7H

/:&15&WG*7$$/CPICD#(AKEH546:Q/R+?_$Q

I20)6P`&Q:2$U@N+6ABZ^0X-@(,7\5^!*([:Y;HP[B/
^1IR0LUR1`X5L!V2?%*Z`TEHOFF-9$&Q5A[!+C+4D!]PZ&


M00^KS%+-0-Q%D8/6S7FOZU2
2`W

M/R2G-'1C3H-J2:)$B;W-JXG(/4KO%U14:%F`JHBV%.H&BDR_I$HS-*VM:$U!
MCTKA94JZ?$M4Y9

WD=^'5$%H@MHKT=437.1



MEN_8R&S+:W#&?I+LWI



R]]\;.QR=J=#[YEQ&










M

WU-)DCRK]]_77CNX]UILSNES=8Y,?/,)1^H6D[9<$PG

IW//\@V.F11Y79+W_').37';(SHP+%C2;NS$^XB
M8<11P927$2M_M;P%B,/!8Y0\1NZ-X;:J+:*=#/$#_(I_JUR#G&9C4
\+]@D

M



M^SG_VNR
3#B_N1F]GF^^&N;Y]NT9`
C#7X'`#5B+60(8#:^6DF3:]_7F=^#`


M`

+

M`94K

M



(3B%PF<:`Y[P=&H#.%QG#W%[1;?B=VP^I
MBB%UY(KZM/5@@='#3K\VAM;GB&U:4S%G,!33OQG-X??SG$5F9H]]:):^]

X@#M5=FK9XL0_'\RW%@Y9$\2)A[9SMT0*+/1M&%TLLJP.P3&8`MVS
M@O=7P.@?-B@#4[8N)E0XKQSUUD6MW!#R3$/Q'L`*APY@8?ME7J:+BCL7?O


MH79B#)&WM:GN!VD*WO6R
NYOIF=ERCOAQHC;T21!7G1#.$PZ*1=1H`X&N($
M\A:A*3)$UIQK^\_[Z[O;Y4I&':GS:SU;\]D%F'D`#LM;OJZV0+[R#`_V^L'
YC#Y%1<?R6<%\.0[HDH
*`6JL/MGQS_/5[YO[N]W5`X,M7VGO
M%_,:V.;OE*Y&S4;8!#'&.&%Y80=Q&G@GHMUD&B=IU;Z43!X&`6'5U</736R



M`A`%:-/S$8Q2DODG`NGM*6)^:VKRXR`@0L(MH-_U9P+%V3E$6P;+OOI]#AY$
M)X3PZ3VRAAFY;+YS=;5;#:)XE.30




MLQ)[H%MC([=?#/==K+^3?BUZ


M-%K&P76&?=T^`H@U
KX5H[.0U
HV:G9L8AUVHV6(?=]K=AG_$=@N.U#[1!R#


M




O7/);N-MHUV$O^71+0(?(I$#5YDLE\P%Z






\K_'W
!

N@5I*





M1I^`7*QRT]S

9VGYC_G2X[2OEZ9+QSV:O


R@_.'+S?&3[SG[#K5@LC


MF\?$M+






M


4/8UZ&W




MO9UD8U[:[WUMFIW-NY']TNQR2B$ABWK^U4QK

M0D
/0;(V.1$0'EVNC





M60


2BSEU.YX\RE
M


V/`RVY
0K




MMY(`NSSCQZO+#+#9



T#Z-_&;!T
_:D:_&HMD]X7LE='%^[/!$].6)OY1(.HH02'H).EHFY*-1HP(YUJD*;M


M;/3NPSM-#QCFF2Q5@

:R'D_RM&L?L3F%J.*

M`O*Q1(\QQZ/(-BB@:7DMW+L[7*4PV:BK5T79-E&J=!N1:J-75TKA83DJ=GB
M3C+6VA(YX\G0QNN;.W(!BR@]AAEKD(QD,%!T&;[,;$O;((`AKLCM'D!TB

Q4?W6T..\R*3W.[JANJ$_[X='-;Q*1C&4


MUX!MN2:I1V2.D2)


MM;U7=IW+VC7SDL^'[9)8S[9;;`FOU9X]2H
N0:J)DCD]V^-IBV[4;*9`^M0B
M`0;'E'V&65E@S?))7=-Z'K-1TZFW4;.Z;Z/R::&(_?+P&9L^[ME);53N_MCX


B*TNHR'3E0#\0Y0%U=RYIN./&%

=B0/:

.9\C!Z


MXU-+I
'Y]1[8P0J%A#[H'R7[3/'.OK%2J(E(AUQ

V9?G@3;2TSGJ82



MGPQM$U-\T

4F3J

M_-&550R

^F%7CK1/EE#Z1*QV[@W

])&#1-^I?


+M8;E_:<]DH2]



M!?ZDZ0]OGH%8@=B`6
$G\!KX\IGI$%#TS(TD?U6%-SS^^-1-R6DW^PF+^FU[
MYE;RED7NI@)DOWE#M^/)0+L)ZGZPZ];M*A%H#E$
((SLQ]/+
T


M3;6^_SQRT$G3YZ


Z'7C
MO][?XK4
%=GKL8=OE23-2%.4R8(D0Q*D0$!.8S_!(L)L64Y'0^F8)3OFVV



M2:#CE




?
@HJCGEA4TX]X+\'A89S
[[1]_9RX(5




MF-*UW
[^XQ+?#F4B4`GP^



(0&T\-PO+J`_R'NW


M0MXH)WG5R(=S6UJT?U;8509'9&@@=S







4@`)C_)_SP'YI@BP)Q0:[2(^H0B

M

M6C[)X8P/;`^8/5^@=T:B\M*YW(E\OQ;X][[SDTTG99*QV$MF]OQD63VIC19%
MJ$R94O(X2^M)E9.[W@B$X/B



M:_)9B9^\YY6SI.2

MV8


[OVD!=.2
\K$K

%2]]`$I!
M'LNJUHKO(JL$
2*CG'4'0L!MU1@H15R8=N)]9

M][-&J#^1JM=@(RD7*Z^%$


T9PWS25%S<(CZ\Y0]1STW=A59[OFDSBJ`=[;6LHHN:E*:L#HAK2!_2D!
RTG'M;!8KV?DW*VWK@ZK7YI=5`C\=&8+B.]
MMEET(V(?+C^-?OWP]M6;][]<3D9OWI^=C,X^O']U_O[R_!5]NOSP]LVKTT_F
MY]'EI]-/Y^_.WW^Z''UX/?IP<?[1?&^NV.








M(B]KS6S/DDK9PU083I9R\H:];(A+Y$_-)68U9XO4P@?3J;ZJ6)$]+*($AEY)
M0&EZ#T%-9UWN41`+:Q$6A50K8_B#K0LK`BGVO,QF]$S#]06N](XX_'

M8H

W-Y+LH((9[&/



MJZ`M(;VMW2F&5!*QR%70H9^

M)7)NSM**@A23
M%Z4

M-K[UTNO.!DICZ6J.:4VT45%V'5K@D!KO'0R]H#L!8F8]HS[B9#RU*7R\M**^
MX=7(+]Q






MBDR_I$HS9--7M*:@1Z7P
B6+H6J\LD44H=]G=(4D6%6AD15@F@)%RGL([^.
MJ`+1!;37(ZJFN4@==/.B#PRWQ55);IDIW10;8^L=)I9-N`O4(&SF9-'
4$I



Q1VR-:+NN^JCZMO$0I+#M$$=GHU+W:JV-SYWG

$B6A

.53!J]ZL6UL$L9S25S8O+I]3H
M(6$E6H)C$K6M


:AOLH_


MV;`/`S;E\V.D:.&9S@7W_]XG1=


M$;[I?V0(M-O[0







MR_OE[4*[M`!2G[S]5/UI#B+[Y!]QR^B_S#*OEE_OOW9ZYVX;:I)WN[QN-W'Y
MEYQ!(1[YN/G?8X\KDOB@[^977XP8WCP
;W//9?VOE^)Q1PP3GW;6
^W+]?7N





MWD;$E_
`'8VBNC![&Q9OS






\57KH$\BZAB*.<+H,PFV@F\^EFKO[




MGD\;\%DZ-_EMU$UN!YOWJ&\M1WO761=I)S;O7^48$J1@Q`XS-0:#[+FT@PG9




QB]UN*.7



M;GLZK(
'5`4R



=$2W9)MN^V!VM


MQ



-Q6`(



%\+`!1RH'[C@5'T)8V+]?WG'=5XS`5/L[
5\^]FB\U:H946'#'T[A%.

1+H+9?FH5Z=[L74#ULSXH(6F6W6G*]_IW+^JG$9[&97W?'Y27K

VO;0X
.8)?A-^4]HB_9_E)3X]T8
M=VO#IYO=4L).HIZ.UI]OES?SJ`AX$_3_W7Z?=X/

*/25






M9BB^A:ON0[_6#`^`F?#[=23IXQ4A43ER/'&E\V*'*`8T6SV6[*B1UG'7)@

MWL0M^M%\8F
']\6'3D_*[GWU25Z7/XU\JAVBZ+VK%'\3N^%N0XHQR12





M6P162X/ZEI1?W;-3$C[ZGFCA)Z.(-O/KW;!+DO75B]`E:6.=A*AC
VDO-NN_


M$.7E^\+N[GV[CMG1?VS(
WG=YYGLWC#?A6[*.X3.NT)X\VTI@*B]5D;L1RSS
MW=RH65?+.W.BMW\*L7*[7N+=/6DV5!(S)Y336':YW?V[2-`E5L9RV#J('S2^
M`F[5KP
653TG8P:

LN5QT
M(LF_


MSSK

MC3+3U?[


MK$&,^P'RRHP.5.!U9ZQ9GK/QGG#E3L`/;I.?M6`0N(G7WOXKL.&XA()\4?



^


MLFCV#0+L?ZM_T1XN?4_A(?/8.T3?+&*[
9PZ$-F\WV[95AC:E
-&&AC`[CQE
ML;ZGCC^OS33-6_][)!TS*CXN/.\J!5G


]P[\X=MCQJUBLJ6*








MZ4DYC7PYZR[W'LFM@IOQ&%B!4PS




MQ;N3&]$S^#0;1)SXL1A5S(I&\(50'V=D:.^^


MG
*BRBCZ\'EK%(6)X?N/USV#U
*>N8Z^12?7L^@8#6%Q



MXQI4\?O-D=6B*?1M7$GLR+1
MV:CQXU;XJ



M?D3P_X
1S7UI/G_4

M11WT9.[0I]\@MA/(H31@A



KK;25JQ)&.Z3DHL


[#/S:+AE.K

!1V^L3YOES4V#Q.#S;S@)/N6/YMO68[S78D7US4I2E3JV

X`BD452$++IV'SJX

4)O`
M[FP#JE[8-?V&9-?4YL)







M`````(`!F0(``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`A0#%`````@`96QY1VZ`57_``@``
MT38``!H``````````````(`!AP


4




M2B


MCI7SWP$``

M965T-YX;6Q02P$%`




4`````!E;'E'W*=

4`````!E;'E'.^IV1*4!``Q`P``&0``````````````@`&


M965T

``!D`````````





M`A0#%`````@`96QY1[:L2G2D`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!U6```'AL


!




M







M%`````@`96QY1TT$2HNE`0``L0
``!D``````````````(`!;W@``'AL+W=O






MN0*F`0``L0


M970T-YX;6Q02P$%`
KEVE`0``L0,``!D`
M`````````````(`!7X0``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970T-RYX;6Q02P$
M%`









4`````!E;'E'M)1`VP8```6L```&0``````````````

```9````````````````?*X``!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S



QL)6<8@8``&0E

M4$L!`A0#%`````@`96QY1S%!ZI``!```J!
``!D``````````````(`!OLL`



M='

&UL4$L!`A0#%`````@`96QY1V?INQUP`@``EP@``!D`````````
M`````(`!3^H``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970W,2YX;6Q02P$%`
4````

8&















M970X.2YX;6Q02P$%`,4`````!F;'E'$.9ZNLX.```49P``&0``````````




24`0``?0
``!D`
M`````````````(`!_F


BYX;6Q02P$
M%`,4`````!F;'E'U/N+%8;M``!_J@


`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014


Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]



























Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]



























Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]



























Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]



























Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Asset
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Asset
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Asset
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Asset
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Asset
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Asset
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Current













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Liability
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]






Derivative Liability
 Noncurrent













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Liability
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]






Derivative Liability
 Noncurrent













Derivatives
 Fair Value






Derivative Liability
 Current






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value
 Net [Abstract]






Derivative Liability
 Noncurrent










Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle
 Effect of Adoption
 Quantification















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014


Defined Benefit Plan
 Effect of One-Percentage Point Change in Assumed Health Care Cost Trend Rates [Abstract]






Effect on postretirement benefit obligation
 increase






Effect on postretirement benefit obligation
 decrease






Effect on total service and interest cost
 increase






Effect on total service and interest cost
 decrease






U.S. Plans
 Pension Benefits













Defined Benefit Plan
 Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate






Candian Plans
 Pension Benefits













Defined Benefit Plan
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year






Defined Benefit Plan
 Ultimate Health Care Cost Trend Rate






Participants Under 65 | U.S. Plans
 Pension Benefits













Defined Benefit Plan
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year






Participants Over 65 | U.S. Plans
 Pension Benefits













Defined Benefit Plan
 Health Care Cost Trend Rate Assumed for Next Fiscal Year























































































































































































The assumed health care cost trend rate for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plan (gross eligible charges). This is based upon the annual rate of change in the cost of health care benefits currently provided by the postretirement benefit plan
 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015






Stock Options
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Outstanding at September 30
3
020
1
625
(470
Outstanding at September 30
4
175
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
4
175
Exercisable at September 30
2
083
333



Stock Options
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]














Stock Appreciation Rights
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Outstanding at September 30
266
40
(64
Outstanding at September 30
242
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
242
Exercisable at September 30
157
335



Stock Appreciation Rights
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]




Restricted Stock Units
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Nonvested at September 30
228
227
(217
(7
Nonvested at September 30
230
980













Stock Appreciation Rights
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Outstanding at September 30
20
100
(1
Outstanding at September 30
119
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
119
Exercisable at September 30
19
041



Stock Appreciation Rights
 Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]




Restricted Stock Units
 Activity [Table Text Block]
Nonvested at September 30
174
110
(58
(15
Nonvested at September 30
209
665







Schedule of Share-based Payment award
 Non-Options
 Valuation Assumptions




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for stock options and stock appreciation rights that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 exercisable at the end of the year
 and the number of stock options and stock appreciation rights that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
1
1
1
333.2




September 30
September&#160;30
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
3
2
2
2
643.0
































































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























































Defined Benefit Plan
 Estimated Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year




Defined Benefit Plan
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments [Abstract]












































Defined Benefit Plan
 Estimated Future Employer Contributions in Next Fiscal Year




Defined Benefit Plan
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments [Abstract]































































































Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the five fiscal years after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





















































































Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.


























































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2013
Dec. 31
 2012
Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2012



























400
000












400
000




800
000







100
000












100
000




400
000







900
000












900
000




800
000























100
000







800
000












800
000




800
000





Long-term Debt
 Gross

485
200
000












485
200
000




810
900
000







000
000)












000
000)




600
000)







200
000












200
000




200
000







511
400
000












511
400
000




830
500
000





Debt Covenant
 Leverage Ratio




































































Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate




































































Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate




































































Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate




































































Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate






































































375
000
000












375
000
000




375
000
000


000
000



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage






















Debt Instrument
 Increase
 Additional Borrowings









000
000


000
000


















































































000
000




000
000


000
000






000
000




000
000





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage






















Debt Instrument
 Increase
 Additional Borrowings





000
000


200
000





















100
000


800
000






















































































000
000


000
000










000
000




000
000





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage






















Debt Instrument
 Increase
 Additional Borrowings



000
000























000
000



































































000
000












000
000









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage






































































000
000












000
000









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




































































Long term debt
 discount on issuance



400
000



















Debt Instrument
 Face Amount















000
000





















200
000
000.0























000
000









Debt Instrument
 Increase
 Additional Borrowings



900
000























700
000










400
000























700
000























































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




































































Debt Covenant
 Leverage Ratio




































500
000























































Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

000
000












000
000









Debt Covenant
 Leverage Ratio






















Debt Covenant
 Maximum Undischarged Judgments

000
000












000
000









Debt covenant
 interest coverage ratio




































600
000









Letters of Credit Outstanding
 Amount

200
000.0












200
000.0









Line of Credit Facility
 Remaining Borrowing Capacity

800
000.0












800
000.0























































Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

000
000












000
000





































































300
000























































Debt Instrument
 Increase
 Additional Borrowings

187
900
000























100
000



































































Debt Instrument
 Face Amount



000
000























Debt Covenant
 Leverage Ratio




























Debt Covenant
 Maximum Undischarged Judgments




























Debt covenant
 interest coverage ratio




























Long term debt
 discount on issuance

























































Tangible Equity Units
 Debt Component




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.

























































Amount of long-term debt before deduction of unamortized discount or premium. Includes
 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.






















































































Amount of debt issuance costs (for example
 but not limited to
 legal
 accounting
 broker
 and regulatory fees).


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans from a bank with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle if longer.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22



























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 including current and noncurrent amounts. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Paragraph 20
 22



























Amount of long-term debt
 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)


















































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013
Sep. 30
 2012



































Receivables
 net
























































781.7


219.0







Property
 net

333.2











072.8


886.7


489.7





Other intangible assets
 net

969.3


643.0





















































220.4


731.1











































































511.4


830.5





















































244.4


447.9




















976.0


283.2


498.6


231.5





220.4


731.1



















































Receivables
 net

































































Property
 net





















Other intangible assets
 net












129.8


015.4




















311.9


543.1




















532.4


169.5











































































507.7


824.2





















































556.4


886.3




















976.0


283.2









532.4


169.5



















































Receivables
 net

































































Property
 net

286.0











944.8


732.8







Other intangible assets
 net

873.3


518.5





















































912.8


889.0






















































































124.2


013.8










































737.7


501.6




















175.1


387.4









912.8


889.0



















































Receivables
 net

































































Property
 net





















Other intangible assets
 net


















































































































































































































































































Receivables
 net

































































Property
 net





















Other intangible assets
 net












129.8)


015.4)




















333.8)


551.2)




















649.4)


771.1)






















































































129.8)


015.4)










































315.6)


219.9)




















333.8)


551.2)









649.4)


771.1)











Accounts Payable
 Intercompany




























Note Receivable
 Intercompany
 Current




























Note Receivable
 Intercompany
 Noncurrent




























Notes Payable
 Intercompany
 Current




























Notes Payable
 Intercompany
 Noncurrent




























Receivable
 Intercompany

























































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.




























This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt
 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).

























































Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. For a classified balance sheet represents the current portion only (the noncurrent portion has a separate concept); there is a separate and distinct element for unclassified presentations.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 CAD in Millions
 $ in Millions

































































































































































































































Business Combination
 Acquisition Related Costs
























































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued | shares

450
























100








800








100


800













Consideration Transferred
 Other











































































































































309.8


211.8


052.7


073.9


043.1








648.2


411.1


034.1







































































































































































123.1


005.8


874.7
















































































































































































































072.8








886.7








072.8


886.7


489.7


























































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current












































































































































































































605.4










605.4















































883.7










883.7










































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term



















































































































































617.5










617.5




























































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current




































































































































































































610.6
















610.6









































883.7
















883.7












































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term











































































































































621.0
















621.0

































































































































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued | shares





























475






325


750










725



























































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 long-term










































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 current

















































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term





















































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 long-term










































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 current

















































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term





















































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Shares Issued
 Price Per Share | $ / shares
























































Consideration Transferred
 Other


























































181.5

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 long-term










































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 current

















































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term



















































































































177.5


































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term





















































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross










































































































































































Net Working Capital Settlement
 Receivable
























































Net Working Capital Settlement
 Earnings Impact
























































Goodwill
 Expected Tax Deductible Amount





















































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term





















































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross | CAD







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term





















































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross









450.0

























































539.1





































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current




















































































































































































181.1

























































344.3












































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term



























































































































577.3











































































































































































126.6















































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
























































Attune Foods
 Inc.

















































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross



































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current














































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term










































































































































































Attune Foods
 Inc. | Customer Relationships










































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
























































Attune Foods
 Inc. | Trademarks










































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life
























































Attune Foods
 Inc. | Other Intangible Assets










































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life










































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross



































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current














































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term




























































































































































































































































































Payments to Acquire Businesses
 Gross



































































































































































































































Deferred tax asset
 current














































































































































































































































































































































































































Deferred tax liability
 long-term





















































































































































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life



































































































































































































































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life


















































































































































































































































































































































































































Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Income Tax Receivable




























Business Combination
 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Restricted Cash




























Business Combinations
 Purchase Price Adjustment
 Net Working Capital Settlement






















































































business combination
 recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 deferred tax asset
 current




























Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.










































































































































































































For receivables acquired in a business combination
 excluding certain loans and debt securities acquired in a transfer (as defined)
 this element represents the fair value of the receivables acquired
 by major class of receivable
 such as loans
 direct finance leases (as defined)
 and any other class of receivables.




























This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of tangible or intangible assets
 including a business or subsidiary of the acquirer transferred by the entity to the former owners of the acquiree. Excludes cash.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards that are expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary difference due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.

























































Amount of long-term debt due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.




























Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 resulting from a business combination.
















































































































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a business segment or subsidiary or sale of an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled during the period (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 joint venture or equity method investment).




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


















































































































































U.S. Plans
 Pension Benefits












































Candian Plans
 Pension Benefits




























































































































































































U.S. Plans
 Other Benefits



































Canadian Plans
 Other Benefits








































































































































































































































































































































The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.
























































Amount of net gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit cost due to settlements and curtailments. Curtailments result from an event that significantly reduces the expected years of future service of present employees or eliminates for a significant number of employees the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services. Settlements result from an irrevocable action that relieves the employer (or the plan) of primary responsibility for a benefit obligation and eliminates significant risks related to the obligation and the assets used to effect the settlement. Examples of transactions that constitute a settlement include
 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.















































































































































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
d)



























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.




























Amount before tax of (increase) decrease in the value of the projected benefit obligation related to a change in an actuarial assumption and increase (decrease) in the value of the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions






May. 04
 2015
Sep. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013
Aug. 31
 2015



























600
000








600
000


600
000







Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs









































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

450
000


100
000








100
000


800
000




























Consideration Transferred
 Other




















Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs




















Other Comprehensive (Income) Loss
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 before Tax












































































200
000







Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage




















Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs






























































Preferred Stock
 Liquidation Preference Per Share




















Convertible Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued upon Conversion









































Preferred Stock
 Redemption Price
 Percentage of Liquidation Preference




















Stock Redemption Triggering Event
 Common Stock as Percentage of Conversion Price In Effect




















Stock Redemption Triggering Event
 Number of Trading during Thirty Day Consecutive Period
 Conversion Price Percentage Met



















































































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued





475
000


325
000


750
000








725
000
























Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs





















































Preferred Stock
 Redemption Price
 Percentage of Liquidation Preference




























Stock Redemption Triggering Event
 Common Stock as Percentage of Conversion Price In Effect




























Stock Redemption Triggering Event
 Number of Trading during Thirty Day Consecutive Period
 Conversion Price Percentage Met




























Amount of tangible or intangible assets
 including a business or subsidiary of the acquirer transferred by the entity to the former owners of the acquiree. Excludes cash.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.










































































































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.






















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized








Share-based Compensation Arrangement 
 Maximum Award Vesting Period




























200
000


600
000


000
000





600
000


400
000


900
000





800
000
















Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Plan Modification
 Number of Employees Affected








Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Plan Modification
 Incremental Compensation Cost

000
000

























Exercised
 Total Intrinsic Value

100
000


400
000


200
000

































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.

























































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).



























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013



























Entity-Wide Revenue
 Major Customer
 Percentage


























309
800
000


211
800
000


052
700
000


073
900
000


043
100
000


000
000


000
000


000
000


648
200
000


411
100
000


034
100
000





















700
000


700
000)


800
000





















900
000


300
000


900
000





800
000








600
000








800
000


600
000


900
000



Interest expense
 net

















500
000


700
000


500
000





















500
000


500
000





Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items
 Noncontrolling Interest

















300
000)


900
000)


300
000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions

















500
000


500
000


800
000





















800
000


800
000


800
000





220
400
000








731
100
000








220
400
000


731
100
000









































































260
800
000


100
000


800
000





















500
000


400
000


100
000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions

















600
000


000
000


700
000





















200
000


600
000


800
000





473
000
000








325
100
000








473
000
000


325
100
000









































































305
700
000


800
000























200
000


600
000





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions

















500
000


200
000























300
000


600
000







506
000
000








726
500
000








506
000
000


726
500
000









































































000
000


300
000


900
000





















800
000)


800
000)


000
000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions

















200
000


000
000























900
000


000
000


000





400
000








100
000








400
000


100
000









































































700
000


600
000


800
000





















500
000


000
000


500
000



Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions

















200
000


600
000























900
000


700
000


600
000





600
000








600
000








600
000


600
000





Corporate
 Non-Segment

















































Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Additions

















000
000


700
000


100
000





















500
000


900
000


900
000





400
000








800
000








400
000


800
000









































































000
000)


000)


000)







































































400
000


200
000


600
000





















300
000


900
000


900
000



Major customer sales
 value



































































100
000


800
000


100
000





















































Disclosure on Geographic Areas
 Percent of Revenue from External Customers Attributed to Foreign Countries
























Disclosure on Geographic Areas
 Long-Lived Assets in Foreign Countries

200
000








000
000








200
000


000
000






































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.




























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)



























The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.




























Amount of acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.

























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Allocation Of Assets
 Other Securities








Actual allocations
 index funds


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets
 Target Allocations [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocations


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]

















Equity securities
 domestic








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets
 Target Allocations [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations








Equity Securities
 Foreign [Member]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets
 Target Allocations [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets
 Target Allocations [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocations

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets
 Target Allocations [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocations


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Assets
 Target Allocations [Abstract]








Defined Benefit Plan
 Target Plan Asset Allocations








Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]


























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Plan Asset Allocation [Abstract]





















Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Allocation Of Assets
 Other Securities




























Defined Benefit Plan
 Actual Allocation Percentage Of Assets
 Indexed Funds
























































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.





















































































Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net








Foreign Exchange Contract | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses








Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net

















Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]








Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income
 Net













 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)


































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Text Block]
On February 3
 2012
 million shares. The Plan allows the issuance of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 performance shares
 restricted stock
 years
 provided
 however
 that the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors may
 in its discretion
 grant awards with a longer term to participants who are located outside the United States.
 
 
 respectively
 and the related recognized deferred tax benefit for each of those periods was approximately 
 
September&#160;30
 2015
 the total compensation cost related to nonvested awards not yet  recognized was 
In connection with an employee retirement and reorganization initiatives in fiscal 2015
 employees. As a result of this acceleration
 of incremental stock-based compensation expense in the year ended September 30
Information about stock-settled stock appreciation rights (&#8220;SSAR&#8221;) is summarized in the following table. Upon exercise of each SSAR
 the holder will receive the number of shares of Post common stock equal in value to the difference between the exercise price and the fair market value at the date of exercise
 less all applicable taxes. The Company uses shares from the Plan to settle SSARs exercised. The total intrinsic value of SSARs exercised was 
September 30

 
Outstanding at September 30
266
40
(64
Outstanding at September 30
242
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
242
Exercisable at September 30
157
In 2015
 2014 and 2013
40
000
30
35
 SSARs
 respectively
 to its non-management members of the Board of Directors. Due to vesting provisions of these awards the Company determined that these awards had subjective acceleration rights such that the Company expensed the grant date fair value upon issuance and recognized 
September 30

 
The following table provides the weighted-average grant date fair value of SSARs granted calculated using the Black-Scholes valuation model
 which uses assumptions of expected life (term)
 expected stock price volatility
 risk-free interest rate
 and expected dividends (collectively
 the &#8220;Black-Scholes Model&#8221;). The expected term is estimated based on the award&#8217;s vesting period and contractual term
 along with historical exercise behavior on similar awards. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S.&#160;Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. The weighted average assumptions and grant date fair values for SSARs granted during fiscal years ended 
 are summarized in the table below. For SSARs granted to Company employees prior to the separation from its former owner
Outstanding at September 30
20
100
(1
Outstanding at September 30
119
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
119
Exercisable at September 30
19
The fair value of each cash settled stock appreciation right (&#8220;SAR&#8221;) was estimated each reporting period using the Black-Scholes Model. The expected term is estimated based on the award&#8217;s vesting period and contractual term
 along with historical exercise behavior on similar awards. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility trends and other factors. The risk-free rate is the interpolated U.S.&#160;Treasury rate for a term equal to the expected term. The following table presents the assumptions used to remeasure the fair value of outstanding SARs at September 30
 2015
Outstanding at September 30
3
020
1
625
(470
Outstanding at September 30
4
175
Vested and expected to vest as of September 30
4
175
Exercisable at September 30
2
083
The fair value of each stock option was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes Model. The Company uses the simplified method for estimating a stock option term as it does not have sufficient historical share options exercise experience upon which to estimate an expected term. The expected term is estimated based on the award&#8217;s vesting period and contractual term
September 30

Nonvested at September 30
228
227
(217
(7
Nonvested at September 30
230
217
638
104
166
 
 
Nonvested at September 30
174
110
(58
(15
Nonvested at September 30
209
Cash settled restricted stock awards are liability awards and as such
 their fair value is based upon the closing price of the Company&#8217;s stock for each reporting period
49
000
September 30

 
 matching contribution. Deferrals into the Equity Option are distributed in Post stock for employees and cash for directors
 while deferrals into the Vanguard Funds are distributed in cash. There are no significant costs related to this deferred compensation plan. Post funds its deferred compensation liability (potential cash distributions) by investing in the Vanguard Funds in the same amounts as selected by the participating employees. Both realized and unrealized gains and losses on these investments are included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; and offset the related change in the deferred compensation liability.




































The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







1
1
1
1
1
043.1




































Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015

Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]




Schedule of Derivative Instruments in Statement of Financial Position
 Fair Value [Table Text Block]
Fair Value of Assets as of September 30
Fair Value of Liabilities as of September 30
Fair Value of Liabilities as of September 30
 2014



Schedule of Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) in Statement of Financial Performance [Table Text Block]
Selling
 general and administrative expenses




































Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits  - Change in Projected Benefit Obligation
 Fair Value of Plan Assets
 and Net Funded Status (Details) - USD ($)



Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013






















































































































































































Defined benefit plan
 funded status of plan [Abstract]











































































































Plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan assets
 aggregate benefit obligation








U.S. Plans
 Pension Benefits



































Candian Plans
 Pension Benefits





































































































































































































Defined benefit plan
 funded status of plan [Abstract]


































































































U.S. Plans
 Other Benefits



































Canadian Plans
 Other Benefits







































The pretax total of net gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
























































The pretax net amount of gains and losses that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases or decreases in other comprehensive income as they arise. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.




























Amount related to the pretax cost of benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
 which has not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period
 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.




























Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.




























The aggregate net amount recognized in the balance sheet associated with the defined benefit plan(s). Will normally be the same as the Defined Benefit Plan
 Funded Status of Plan
 Total.















































































































































1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.




























The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.
















































































































































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.






















































































The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.





















































































If aggregate disclosures are presented
 the aggregate benefit obligation for plans with benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.





















































































For a classified balance sheet
 the amount recognized in balance sheet as a current liability associated with an underfunded defined benefit plan.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Year Ended September&#160;30





Year Ended September&#160;30
State income taxes
Other
 net (none in excess of 5% of computed tax)




September 30
September 30
Accrued vacation
Net operating loss carryforwards
Total gross deferred income taxes
Net operating loss carryforwards
Total gross deferred income taxes
(1
(1
(1
008.9









Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
 2015
































































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.

























































Tabular disclosure of tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e.
 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Finite-Lived and Indefinite-Lived
 Intangible Assets

















Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Future Amortization Expense [Abstract]






























































Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross

800.8


323.1





Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization








Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net

523.6


185.3





Intangible Assets
 Net (Excluding Goodwill) [Abstract]








Carrying amount
 total

246.5


780.8





Other intangible assets
 net

969.3


643.0























Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross

998.6


743.7





Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization








Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net

805.9


652.8























Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross








Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization








Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net


























Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Gross








Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Accumulated Amortization








Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net









































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.
























































Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
























































Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before accumulated amortization of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014


Receivables
 net









































Receivables
 net

























































































































































Accrued compensation
 long-term
























Accounts and other receivables
 gross

























































Accrued Compensation
 Noncurrent












































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 which are not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
 -Subparagraph a
 b

















































































































A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of income taxes previously overpaid to tax authorities (such as U.S. Federal
 state and local tax authorities) representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes. Also called income tax refund receivable.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Fair value as of the balance sheet date of interest rate derivative liabilities
 which includes all such derivative instruments in hedging and nonhedging relationships that are recognized as liabilities.
























































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))



























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of merchandise or goods in the production process expected to be completed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.


















































































































Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amounts of other receivables due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from third parties or arising from transactions not separately disclosed.

























































The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Diluted












































Total gross deferred income taxes
 current


























Accrued vacation
 incentive and severance








Net operating loss carryforwards
 credits



































Other items
 non-current assets








Total gross deferred income taxes
 current






























































Other items
 non-current assets












































Net operating loss carryforwards
 credits








Total gross deferred income taxes
 noncurrent


























Total deferred tax liabilities
 gross



008.9)























Other items
 current liabilities

















Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross
 Current












005.6)






















































005.6)














Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
 Net [Abstract]








Total deferred tax assets (liabilities)
 net


























Accrued vacation
 incentive and severance








Net operating loss carryforwards
 credits






























































Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
 Net [Abstract]








Other items
 net








Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
 Net
 Current








Total deferred tax assets (liabilities)
 net
















































































Net operating loss carryforwards
 credits








Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
 Net [Abstract]








Other items
 net








Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities)
 Net
 Noncurrent












Deferred Tax Asset (Liability)
 Other
 Net




























Deferred tax assets
 tax deferred expense
 compensation and benefits
 pension and other postreitrement benefits














































































































































Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).

























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 before jurisdictional netting.
























































Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as current.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of noncurrent deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




































































































































































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 before jurisdictional netting.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as current.

























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.




























Net Income or Loss Available to Common Stockholders plus adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted
 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015






















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





Post Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Post&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer packaged goods holding company operating in the center-of-the-store
 foodservice
 food ingredient
 refrigerated
 active nutrition and private brand food categories. The Company&#8217;s products are sold through a variety of channels such as grocery
 club and drug stores
 mass merchandisers
 foodservice
 ingredient and via the internet. Post operates in four reportable segments: Post Consumer Brands
 Michael Foods Group
 Active Nutrition and Private Brands. The Post Consumer Brands segment primarily consists of the ready-to-eat (&#8220;RTE&#8221;) cereal business
 the Michael Foods Group segment includes predominantly foodservice and food ingredient egg
 potato and pasta businesses and the retail cheese business
 the Active Nutrition segment includes protein shakes
 bars and powders and nutritional supplements and the Private Brands segment primarily consists of peanut and other nut butters
On February 6
 2012
Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates
 all references in this Form 10-K to &#8220;Post
&#8221; &#8220;the Company
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221; or &#8220;we&#8221; mean Post Holdings
 Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.







The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013





































































































Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Limitations on Usage


































































































Tax Credit Carryforward
 Expiration Date

  2021

























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Expiration Date

  2016

























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Expiration Date

  2026

























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Expiration Date

  2034

























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Expiration Date

  2034

























Tax Credit Carryforward
 Expiration Date

  2034











ffective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Uncertain Tax Positions
 Amount

























































Operating Loss Carryforwards
 Limitations on Usage

























































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.

























































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.













































































































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























Expiration date of the tax credit carryforward
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015

Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis





September 30
September 30
The following table represents the fair value of Post&#8217;s long-term debt which is not recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
September 30
September 30
4
2
4
3
680.3




































The entire disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities
 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







All of the Company&#8217;s senior notes (see Note 14) are fully and unconditionally guaranteed
 jointly and severally
 on a senior unsecured basis by each of our existing 100% owned domestic subsidiaries and future domestic subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Guarantors.&#8221; Our foreign subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Non-Guarantors
Set forth below are the condensed consolidating financial statements presenting the results of operations
 financial position and cash flows of the Parent Company (Post Holdings
 Inc.)
 the Guarantors on a combined basis
 the Non-Guarantors on a combined basis and eliminations necessary to arrive at the information for the Company as reported
 on a consolidated basis. The Condensed Consolidating Financial Statements present the Parent Company&#8217;s investments in subsidiaries using the equity method of accounting. Eliminations represent adjustments to eliminate investments in subsidiaries and intercompany balances and transactions between or among the Parent Company
 the Guarantor and the Non-Guarantor subsidiaries. Post Holdings
 Inc. and all of its domestic subsidiaries form a single consolidated tax group for U.S. income tax purposes. Accordingly
POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
4
4
3
3
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Year Ended September 30
2
2
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Year Ended September 30
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
POST HOLDINGS
September 30
Receivables
1
Property
1
1
2
3
Other intangible assets
2
2
1
(1
6
(6
8
7
(7
9
4
4
1
(1
5
1
(1
6
2
6
(6
2
8
7
(7
9
September 30
Receivables
1
Property
2
2
Other intangible assets
2
2
1
(1
5
(5
7
6
(6
7
3
3
1
(1
4
1
(1
5
2
5
(5
2
7
6
(6
7
POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
(1
(1
(1
1
1
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
(1
(1
Other
1
1
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
(3
(3
(3
(3
2
2
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
Other
3
3
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Other
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







During the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 the Company reorganized its management reporting and realigned its reportable segments in accordance with ASC 280
 &#8220;Segment Reporting.&#8221; At September 30
 2015
Michael Foods Group: including the predominantly foodservice and food ingredient egg
Active Nutrition: including protein shakes
Private Brands: primarily consisting of peanut and other nut butters
 dried fruit and nuts
Management evaluates each segment&#8217;s performance based on its segment profit
 which is its operating profit before impairment of property and intangible assets
 facility closure related costs
 restructuring expenses
 losses on assets held for sale
 gain on sale of plant and other unallocated corporate income and expenses. During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 the Company changed its methodology for allocating certain corporate costs to segment profit. Accordingly
 segment profit for the years ended September 30
September&#160;30
 2015
 the majority of Post&#8217;s tangible long-lived assets were located in the United States; the remainder is located primarily in Canada and has a net carrying value of approximately 
September 30

 
 one customer accounted for 
 
 respectively
 or approximately 
 of total net sales
The following tables present information about the Company&#8217;s operating segments
Year Ended September 30
1
2
4
2
1
Other expense
September 30
Assets
3
2
3
3
9
7
731.1



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013






































































































































































































































































































































































































































The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.


























































 -Subsection 3
 4




























 -Subsection 3
 4

























































 -Subsection 3
 4




























 -Subsection 3
 4

























































 -Subsection 3
 4




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
1
1
4
3
Plus: Unamortized premium (discount)
4
3
830.5




































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







1
1
1
1
1
043.1




































The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







On October 3
 2015
 the Company completed the previously announced acquisition of Willamette Egg Farms
 LLC (&#8220;Willamette Egg&#8221;) for 
 subject to net working capital and other adjustments. Willamette Egg is a producer
 processor and wholesale distributor of eggs and egg products. Willamette Egg produces shell eggs
 specialty shell eggs (including cage-free and organic eggs) and value-added egg products (including liquid and hard cooked eggs). Upon completion of the acquisition
The transaction will be accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting. The Company will record the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their fair values as of the acquisition date. Due to the limited time since closing of the acquisition
 the valuation efforts and related acquisition accounting are incomplete at the time of filing of the consolidated financial statements. As a result
 the Company is unable to provide amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for major classes of assets and liabilities acquired
 including goodwill. In addition
 because the acquisition accounting is incomplete
 the Company is unable to provide the supplemental pro forma revenue and earnings for the combined entity
 as the pro forma adjustments are expected to primarily consist of estimates for the amortization of identifiable intangible assets acquired and related income tax effects which will result from the purchase price allocation and determination of the fair values for the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions

































Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued


































Balance at beginning of period at Sep. 30
 2012

231.5






272.6




































































































































Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues


































Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs











































































































































Net change in retirement benefits
 net of tax





































































Balance at end of period at Sep. 30
 2013

498.6






517.2



























Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued











































































































































Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues


































Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs











































































































































Net change in retirement benefits
 net of tax





































































Balance at end of period at Sep. 30
 2014

283.2






669.3



























Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued


































Stock Issued During Period
 Shares
 Share-based Compensation
 Gross











































































































































Stock Issued During Period
 Value
 New Issues


































Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs











































































































































Net change in retirement benefits
 net of tax





































































Balance at end of period at Sep. 30
 2015

976.0






538.8



























Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding


































Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding






































Proceeds From Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Equity Portion
 Net




























This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.

























































Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans
 attributable to parent entity.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.






















































































 -Paragraph 29
 30



























Gross number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.





























 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







&#160;&#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the operations of Post Holdings
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated. 




 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which require certain elections as to accounting policy
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amount of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant accounting policy elections
 estimates and assumptions include
 among others
 pension and benefit plan assumptions
 valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets
 marketing programs and income taxes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




The Company uses the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.














 Receivables are reported at net realizable value. This value includes appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts
 cash discounts
 and other amounts which the Company does not ultimately expect to collect. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical losses and the economic status of
 and its relationship with its customers
 especially those identified as &#8220;at risk.&#8221; A receivable is considered past due if payments have not been received within the agreed upon invoice terms. Receivables are written off against the allowance when the customer files for bankruptcy protection or is otherwise deemed to be uncollectible based upon the Company&#8217;s evaluation of the customer&#8217;s solvency. 




&#8212; Inventories
 other than flocks
 are generally valued at the lower of average cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Reported amounts have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete product and packaging materials based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and sales. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising chicken flocks to egg laying maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at which time their cost is amortized to operations
 as cost of goods sold
 over their expected useful lives of one to two years.




&#8212; Restructuring charges principally consist of severance and other employee separation costs
 accelerated depreciation and certain long-lived asset impairments. The Company recognizes restructuring obligations and liabilities for exit and disposal activities at fair value in the period the liability is incurred. Employee severance costs are expensed when they become probable and reasonably estimable under established severance plans. Depreciation expense related to assets that will be disposed of or idled as a part of the restructuring activity is accelerated through the expected date of the asset shut down. Assets are classified as held for sale if the Company has committed to a plan for selling the assets
 is actively and reasonably marketing them
 and sale is reasonably expected within one year. The carrying value of assets held for sale is included in &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. See Note&#160;4 for information about assets held for sale.




 Property is recorded at cost
&#160;years for buildings
 building improvements and leasehold improvements
 and 
 
 
 respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or disposal of assets are included in Other operating expenses, net. Repair and maintenance costs incurred in connection with on-going and planned major maintenance activities are accounted for under the direct expensing method. During the year ended September 30
 2015
 the Company had non-monetary exchanges of fixed assets. The cash and non-cash portions of these transactions were 
September 30
1
1
1
333.2




 Other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks/brands acquired in business combinations and includes both indefinite and definite-lived assets. Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets
 which is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 was 
 
 and 
 
September&#160;30
 2015
 amortization expense of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September 30
September&#160;30
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
3
2
2
2
643.0




 The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred which might impair the recoverability of the carrying value of its assets
 including property
 identifiable intangibles and goodwill. Trademarks with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate the trademark may be impaired. The trademark impairment tests require us to estimate the fair value of the trademark and compare it to its carrying value. The estimated fair value is determined using an income-based approach (the relief-from-royalty method)
 which requires significant assumptions for each brand
 including estimates regarding future revenue growth
 discount rates
 and appropriate royalty rates. Assumptions are determined after consideration of several factors for each brand
 including profit levels
 In addition
 definite-lived assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reassessed as needed when information becomes available that is believed to negatively impact the fair market value of an asset. In general
At September 30
 2015
 Post recorded impairment losses of 
 respectively. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October
 1 2015
At September 30
 2014
 brand
 brand
 
 
 
 respectively. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October 1
 2014
 At September 30
 2013
 Post recorded impairment losses in the Post Consumer Brands segment of 
 respectively. 




 The Company funds a portion of its deferred compensation liability by investing in certain mutual funds in the same amounts as selected by the participating employees. Because management&#8217;s intent is to invest in a manner that matches the deferral options chosen by the participants and those participants can elect to transfer amounts in or out of each of the designated deferral options at any time
 these investments have been classified as trading assets and are stated at fair value in &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; and &#8220;Other Assets&#8221; (see Note&#160;13). Both realized and unrealized gains and losses on these assets are included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; and offset the related change in the deferred compensation liability.




 Revenue is recognized when title of goods and risk of loss is transferred to the customer
 as specified by the shipping terms. Net sales reflect gross sales
 including amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
 less sales discounts and trade allowances (including promotional price buy downs and new item promotional funding). Customer trade allowances are generally computed as a percentage of gross sales. Products are generally sold with no right of return except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged
 and related reserves are maintained based on return history. If additional rights of return are granted
 revenue recognition is deferred. Estimated reductions to revenue for customer incentive offerings are based upon customer redemption history.




Cost of goods sold includes
 among other things
 inbound and outbound freight costs and depreciation expense related to assets used in production
 while storage and other warehousing costs are included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; Storage and other warehousing costs totaled $
 $
 
 respectively.




Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for costs of producing media advertising such as television commercials or magazine advertisements
September&#160;30
 2015









 Income tax (benefit) provision is estimated based on income taxes in each jurisdiction and includes the effects of both current tax exposures and the temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the related deferred tax assets to the extent that it is not more likely than not that the future benefits will be realized. Reserves are recorded for estimated exposures associated with the Company&#8217;s tax filing positions
 which are subject to periodic audits by governmental taxing authorities. Interest due to an underpayment of income taxes is classified as income taxes. The Company considers the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be permanently invested
 so no U.S.&#160;taxes have been provided in relation to the Company's investment in its foreign subsidiaries. See Note&#160;7 for disclosures related to income taxes.





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs that are expensed
 indicating whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method
 acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example
 the treatment accorded contingent consideration
 the identification of assets and liabilities
 the purchase price allocation process
 how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity
 and the rationale for that accounting policy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances.  Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
 -Section 02
 03



























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy for investments in financial assets
 including marketable securities (debt and equity securities with readily determinable fair values)
 investments accounted for under the equity method and cost method
 securities borrowed and loaned
 and repurchase and resale agreements. For marketable securities
 the disclosure may include the entity's accounting treatment for transfers between investment categories and how the fair values for such securities are determined. Also
 for all investments
 an entity may describe its policy for assessing
 recognizing and measuring impairment of the investment.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2
12)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivable
 and finance
 loan and lease receivables
 including those classified as held for investment and held for sale. This disclosure may include (1) the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (2) how the level of the valuation allowance for receivables is determined (3) when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized for such receivables (4) the treatment of origination fees and costs
 including the amortization method for net deferred fees or costs (5) the treatment of any premiums or discounts or unearned income (6) the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including those that are impaired
 past due or placed on nonaccrual status and (7) the treatment of foreclosures or repossessions (8) the nature and amount of any guarantees to repurchase receivables.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013













175
000


020
000







625
000









000)



























175
000









083
333







Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Forfeitured and Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Vested and Expected to Vest
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Vested and Expected to Vest
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value








Vested and Expected to Vest
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value








Exercisable
 Intrinsic Value








































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

































































































































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

























































As of the balance sheet date
 the number of shares into which fully vested and expected to vest stock options outstanding can be converted under the option plan.




























As of the balance sheet date
 the weighted-average exercise price for outstanding stock options that are fully vested or expected to vest.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest options that are exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
Receivables
 net




































Tabular disclosure of supplemental information
 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013















































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life








Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
 Impairment Losses



































Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
 Impairment Losses



































Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
 Impairment Losses



































Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
 Impairment Losses



































Acquired Finite-lived Intangible Assets
 Weighted Average Useful Life








Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets
 Impairment Losses












Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis




















Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure




















Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure


































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis




















Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure




















Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure













Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis




















Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure




















Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure






Debt Instrument
 Fair Value Disclosure

520.8


680.3































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis




















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis






Debt Instrument
 Fair Value Disclosure

112.5


768.2










Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis






Debt Instrument
 Fair Value Disclosure













Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis






Debt Instrument
 Fair Value Disclosure










Deferred compensation liabilities in Spinoff Transaction
 Fair Value Disclosure




























Deffered Compensation Investment
 Fair Value Disclosure






















































































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.






















































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date
 including the current and noncurrent portions
 of collateralized debt obligations (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer). Such obligations include mortgage loans
 chattel loans
 and any other borrowings secured by assets of the borrower.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22







































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013




648.2


411.1


034.1





473.8


789.9







174.4







Selling
 general and administrative expenses


























Other operating expenses
 net

















Interest expense
 net
























































































































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.















































































































































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015






Schedule of change in projected benefit obligation
 change in fair value of plan assets
 and net funded status
September&#160;30
 2015
September 30
September 30





Year Ended September 30
Year Ended September 30





September&#160;30
September&#160;30
 2014







































































































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014











000


000





600


600



Preferred Stock
 Shares Outstanding

600


600



Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued

100


800










Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

000


000



Treasury Stock
 Shares

800


800










Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage
























200



Preferred Stock
 Dividend Rate
 Percentage




































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013










































































































































































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015






Schedule of Business Acquisitions
 by Acquisition [Table Text Block]
1
1
2
1
177.5



Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Table Text Block]
5
5
3
874.7




Acquisition Date Amounts Recognized as of September 30
Adjustments During the Twelve Months Ended September 30
1
1
1
1
3
3
621.0






























































































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013




















Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount


























Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount


























Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount


























Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount


























Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share
 Amount


























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
1
1
4
3
Plus: Unamortized premium (discount)
4
3
On February 3
 2012
 senior notes were issued pursuant to an indenture dated as of February 3
 2012 among the Company
 Post Foods
 LLC
 as guarantor
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
On October 25
 2012
 of par value. On July 18
 2013
On November 18
 2013
 the Company issued 
 which will be deferred and amortized to interest expense over the terms of the notes. On March 19
 2014
 the Company issued an additional 
On June 2
 2014
 the Company issued 
On August 18
 2015
$1
187.9
All of the Company&#8217;s senior notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed
 jointly and severally
 on a senior unsecured basis by each of our existing and future material domestic subsidiaries
On January 29
 2014
 the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (as amended
 the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;) among the Company
 the institutions from time to time party thereto as Lenders (the &#8220;Lenders&#8221;)
 Barclays Bank PLC
 Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
 Goldman Sachs Bank USA and Wells Fargo Securities
 LLC
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners
 Barclays Bank PLC
 as Syndication Agent
 Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch and Goldman Sachs Bank USA
 as Documentation Agents
 and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent for the Lenders. The Credit Agreement
 together with a Joinder Agreement No. 1
 dated May 1
 2014
 (the &#8220;Revolving Credit Facility&#8221;) and potential incremental revolving and term facilities at the request of the Company and at the discretion of the Lenders
 to 1.00. The outstanding amounts under the Revolving Credit Facility must be repaid on or before January 29
 at September 30
 for Base Rate-based loans
On June 2
 2014
 the Company entered into a Joinder Agreement No. 2 (the &#8220;Joinder No. 2&#8221;)
 by and among Barclays Bank PLC
 the Company and the guarantors party thereto
 and consented to by Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent. The Joinder No. 2 provided for
 upon completion of the acquisition of Michael Foods and subject to certain other conditions
 (the &#8220;Prior Term Loan&#8221;) under the Company&#8217;s existing Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the Joinder No. 2
On March 6
 2015
 the Company entered into a Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement. On May 4
 2015
 Post entered into a Joinder Agreement No. 3 (the &#8220;Joinder No. 3&#8221;)
 by and among Credit Suisse AG
 Cayman Islands Branch
 the Company and the guarantors party thereto
 and consented to by Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as Administrative Agent. The Joinder No. 3 provided for
 in connection with the completion of the Company&#8217;s acquisition of MOM Brands
 of issuance costs in connection with the Credit Agreement and the New Term Loan as of September 30
 2015. The outstanding amounts under the New Term Loan bear interest at the same rate as the outstanding amounts under the Prior Term Loan. On May 4
 2015
 Wells Fargo Bank
 senior notes
 together with the net proceeds from the August 18
$1
 of the Prior Term Loan and the New Term Loan outstanding under the Credit Agreement. As a result of this repayment
 the Company is no longer required to make quarterly term loan principal installment payments. In connection with the early repayment of the term loan
 of deferred financing fees and unamortized debt discount in the year ended September
 30
 The Credit Agreement contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for agreements of this type
 including delivery of financial and other information
 compliance with laws
 maintenance of property
 existence
 insurance and books and records
 inspection rights
 obligation to provide collateral and guarantees by new subsidiaries
 limitations with respect to indebtedness
 liens
 fundamental changes
 restrictive agreements
 use of proceeds
 amendments of organization documents
 accounting changes
 prepayments and amendments of indebtedness
 dispositions of assets
 acquisitions and other investments
 transactions with affiliates
 dividends and redemptions or repurchases of stock
 capital expenditures
&#160;to 1.00
&#160;to 1.00. With limited exceptions
 the Credit Agreement permits the Company to incur additional unsecured debt only if its consolidated interest coverage ratio
 calculated as provided in the Credit Agreement
The Credit Agreement provides for customary events of default
 including material breach of representations and warranties
 failure to make required payments
 failure to comply with certain agreements or covenants
 failure to pay
 or default under
 certain other material indebtedness
 certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency
 inability to pay debts
 the occurrence of one or more unstayed or undischarged judgments in excess of 
 or attachments issued against a material part of the Company&#8217;s property
 change in control
 the invalidity of any loan document
 the failure of the collateral documents to create a valid and perfected first priority lien and certain ERISA events. Upon the occurrence of an event of default
 the maturity of the loans under the Credit Agreement may be accelerated and the agent and lenders under the Credit Agreement may exercise other rights and remedies available at law or under the loan documents
In February 2014
 of financing fees to the underwriters of a financing commitment the Company entered into in September 2013 to fund our acquisition of Dakota Growers. The commitment was not exercised and the Company expensed the full amount to interest expense in the year ended September 30
 2014. In addition
 for the portion of the term loan commitment not used were immediately recorded to interest expense during the year ended September 30
In connection with the acquisition of Michael Foods
 2012 Series Bond guarantees the repayment of certain industrial revenue bonds used for the expansion of the wastewater treatment facility in Wakefield
 and matures September&#160;15
 2017. The secured notes
 which had a maturity date of November 30
 2014 and were secured by equipment used in Michael Foods&#8217; potato products facility
 were paid in full on November 28
At September 30
 2015
 capital leases consisted of a lease
 with an outstanding balance of 
 on Michael Foods&#8217; Winnipeg
 Manitoba egg products processing facility which expires August&#160;31
The terms of the Credit Facility require the Company to comply with certain financial covenants consisting of ratios for maximum senior secured leverage and minimum interest expense coverage. As of September 30
 2015
 the Company was in compliance with all such financial covenants. The Company does not believe non-compliance is reasonably likely in the foreseeable future.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Balance
 September 30
1
1
1
1
1
1
Balance
 September 30
1
1
3
1
1
2
Balance
 September 30
1
1
3
1
1
3
072.8













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







The Company maintains qualified defined benefit plans in the United States and Canada for our Post Foods business. Certain of the Company&#8217;s employees are eligible to participate in the Company&#8217;s qualified and supplemental noncontributory defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans (partially subsidized retiree health and life insurance) or separate plans for Post Foods Canada Inc. The following disclosures reflect amounts related to the Company&#8217;s employees based on separate actuarial valuations
Effective January&#160;1
 2011
September&#160;30
 2015
September 30
September 30
The accumulated benefit obligation exceeded the fair value of plan assets for the domestic pension plans at September 30
 2015 and September 30
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
Year Ended September 30
Year Ended September 30
For pension benefits
 the estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost (credit) expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit cost during 2016 related to pension benefits are 
 respectively. The corresponding amounts related to other postretirement benefits are 
The expected return on pension plan assets was determined based on historical and expected future returns of the various asset classes
 foreign equities)
 debt securities
 cash. At September&#160;30
 2015
 equity securities were 
 debt securities were 
 of the fair value of total plan assets
 of which was invested in passive index funds. At September&#160;30
 2014
 equity securities were 
 debt securities were 
 of the fair value of total plan assets
The following table represents the pension plan&#8217;s assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the basis for that measurement (for more information on the fair value framework in ASC Topic 820
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
September&#160;30
 measurement purposes
 for participants under the age of 65 and over the age of 65
 respectively
September&#160;30
 measurement purposes
 for participants under the age of 65 and over the age of 65
 respectively
September&#160;30
 measurement purposes
 the assumed annual rate of increase in the future per capita cost of covered health care benefits related to Canadian plans for the following fiscal year was 
 respectively
 and beyond for the year ended September 30
 and beyond for the year ended September 30
September&#160;30
 2015
In addition to the above expected benefit payments
In addition to the defined benefit plans described above
 the Company sponsors a defined contribution 401(k) plan under which it makes matching contributions. The Company expensed $
 for the fiscal years ended September&#160;30
 
 
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Balance
 beginning of year

















Write-offs
 less recoveries

















Balance
 end of year












Allowance For Doubtful Accounts Receivable
 Charge-Offs (Recoveries)
 Net




























Allowance For Doubtful Accounts Receivable
 Impact of Acquisitions




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




































/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013















































Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount/premium
 net





















































Other
 net








Other changes in current assets and liabilities
 net






























































Business acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

239.2)


564.1)





























































248.7)


793.6)
















896.5


385.6





Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs



















225.1)


































Other
 net










372.4


484.2























Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Year








Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year






































































Proceeds From Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Equity Portion
 Net




























Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Debt Portion
 Gross
























































Amount of noncash expense included in interest expense to allocate debt discount and premium
 and the costs to issue debt and obtain financing over the related debt instruments. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
















































































































































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a business segment or subsidiary or sale of an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled during the period (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 joint venture or equity method investment).




























The cash inflow from the amounts received by the insured under the terms of an insurance contract settlement. This element pertains only to insurance proceeds related to investments
 for example fixed assets. It excludes insurance settlements classified as operating cash flows.






















































































The cash inflow from a borrowing with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer).




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Pension and postretirement benefit adjustments
 net of tax






























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)



























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Year Ended September 30















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions




Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013





























309.8


211.8


052.7


073.9


043.1








648.2


411.1


034.1





















174.4































































































































































































































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




































begin 644 0001530950-15-000278-xbrl.zip
U<MWI3H$`!.*9P`1`!P`<&]S=TR,#$U,#DS,YX



M4TX_O+*SZCV0^4]*G'M4NAAWRXY6?EASY^^/


M$052#U&IAX2(DE

$D41`\T+\8Y#8)J
M04<8.HI-$S##32WW@6!OFQNG3TR0RRA('&^_;5<F(TZFUS^._:EQD<[N3`[
M0



184BD\?V-


P3$I=!A9@CZ/WH96OZ
`;?/EC]Q`;IB$Q]T
M7%E%^B`=5R(W&.[%=*PS_#/92[[_
C
B/]]]


9-A98HC1;








M!

N4+/]5Z4V\(1\Y:VP-=5QUA/*

M?JDY-7B;H!FVS)=%EA3?6'$RCY.MB7


M7%OXRLX05'LM=IS&4N
-WPG;WU(


H;DE:R4Q

MYBG8G!1KLG(&UONQNFZ&A)*)89Y(7)TT(#TDI#@BX0Q5=A%/V
&IPS:!R3@!

M4P/


MUVYM^JEM8=CWTX.U=RAXB];&57AM0T






4%*J8\*T
MX4^+2[WUQ6;6WY[E^CV)%W.FC7]:VGZKR[[:P^#YA'E^%VWBRPH%`
!`M26E
Z;7Y9BH#8M#92A(2Q67=*\@5H^U=7=CNA`0S-J!<T.2`
M?#1@HZNKF;&FC2Z(%/3;O.'D!KV;E.O8F9U7V%^TMBT
DV)/4!`]+*(@2]'S


M&%V=CP@8[0JCJ\
0!\%HERU;B*/




I

ML%[+^K(%^\;D9^'O/_%TF0^L&T@EDPA)EJC6R]V..T2MKB$0#=5T+7C1
4




1

H1JL!;1K_`
)2K

M/IS5
=.T\3Q_S8ZEW
M-;)W:GAQB'O^*Y4O#YR@



X-2-C\


MJ#0X0H&/`A\E%YVP]WUL5KXDC&PL8GP-#GTCBKZ,4KK=FK@3G(;FZRT`AG

M;YG_N-A

E+4/5KI;:E`U6.GZQW!


M@`9:T-!'3OL41P\99A%YP/[V
M]ZPXFAO%/E@UA-G^6K)%S2IU
B4FWEY6$3





:

ME?LJ

M^R!OHDB_$=V&WI1:@?I-(S318+2BF]WSR+$Q0\1+=8:PG*@G(OY\YO[?P`
M?2BY2#U;AY5=HI^1D?S607F3/:($('D$DA=H9X2`%`&0`
A+]GUV=S`4I&U(

M6^6BD/KI3OU
\E$HD.@MD)B
DI#864[LI
309?E43*M
LGCZTYC/$S0-BC=V

@90C+%8N!$AQ*?L(


MS3TB/YFN7U\8_4M2+WO+2NQX%@-A@FO=VTO^]TA+W32['!;)#T.3^%+2]R


M1`#HJ[3:5V&`^8_%]X'Y4^?UI
VAE&^UBN


MY43@BR3[!BN]14IG%.CVBI&V_UGVAZ+7_GF1+;PP)QW`#PGUKZ+3OF\G%IP+
MN.$@?78=BH`Z83-#R-CPZ2MKX&9=EH`
RTT^KSI#%^EKKK'L]=(7![R'7
MC[+6AUP/U3[5W3VVW9/%5AS+GC`TZV76&YBFJ&/P+I/I1M+!0BGTD'M![
^

MO].7WRG=\0#U/FRB&$&-3ZK7



=2(D%'

$!0\1VXFK$:1K:J1;&&&H))F-PT`.)/&*YZXX



M/[()FBZ2(

M@PTRQYDZ_1[Y*%%D%IQJZ
G:!H.O-


I5B[D*$Z:RWL




2_GG
`Q`F%^.OISOCP/CS/&3GXVRH

M'#5\/\@_]

/1

ZOJ.*FATRO=3!4(@`@G%Z^XL0KD6_5Z5='B-6W[P3E+PJU


M`(E)L3/-Y_3/@W[*IWE:FBBLVU':K$1`C418%2ZJ`F*ALA$B)912PT`I
+0P&7S?&3$O8*





X$Z3.'0,(5#2C9I5,P`S1A/X=(<&)!
M1@:3HTM#`2
$T(PN%HXV(Y;0^V*)7E[4]@1Z.0R]I\]0+!@)4ELU:(^O[U
A%+XR`H$*F$1I?
M!./W;WP2)JMJ&A_H(D`Z.)`=)$B4+`<)!5#0D@3&

#&49<KUDMF'8J_
+
:P!UR-H+\66?.$_[GV\L<[5#WJA_._TP0



M`J]^^#ZQ+_C5:'%0T.Z.=X[_O&RTMRB9Y
+N_+@?/&&_V+%&?L^7_$4C7A;O
MH+.NC/^Q
YJ]G]IZB(VBN.@Y'GO
&0OM/F?_UU;?;20\IZ.I=]JBEE'+HGFE


O1)
M!^/($T:-QV
OO'1-)AA-_S;6VYKN)(K&)PJ.*HBVAQG2PYG

-?YP=/U4*U(?&B




M/7UO7'?H(4BSO''_!5/#&IH2)
-P;&PPGM
-/#1'XI;0$B6L0.'MQ_R]8&_^
MB



1U^%H
WQ

!4:[^#*6_O'G^WQ[=_[W:B)JXE7\I:$#L]Q%D:=
M(&%99=
]?O.L(&Z_(:W=!^G-O:0.UGX1MO.D
M
\W.R*OSFJ**G&GRCBB)IF!QLI7;TQ`L0Q0


M6I!R3$)7



M$344&4=P$Y?L






KN!$/IYEZ,=O(V^6\:YN8@#BFJ&$XE.J5
M7$XZ4*_,J;NC/3:,RX9Z2K&X`.9QD8^3JBL*@F#A^$L%2NI.)P<*%9J/-(P


#T_Z-*L)7G-*#L35CHM+`[R&%\F;XN2
MQDFZS


%$YHT5-
MX1SLGXXF2HXBZ9S)69C5:;;A.`:G&0YHT?_W(LWRR\YHTL35FV+D=(Q71%'#

MC5
X6Y4

MR-H2@(8HV.)!QX-:'8K+%X?6UN#VBT;/S3S;O*H[O(AYG\5KAB4+BELJT5$%

QJE65+ZF3;2NR:!S
H3.HXNZIE2/DZQ0P








MR\F:=@9;M-

-

_[`169CTF

S99L3L;:=U71YDR;

5AI=-5S


=V))I@8G*;HN6(*TG*+[_^Q=:7

MB;(9(9


MGVX*^FP]HG^TW



.P[K#BVI!\$[9UT
M4AD,9-_'3))%$`X2,T;KZ.I$OOY1POEP;,DL,$KPFR@2P2C@B%I<A1JD9


M?IVL\=M%[X[3R61MU!;11BZ]E9P10)H4B9!EC8^]$+[E#W\??Y_=?2\029A

M))+ZF41/R8;-
O&
@&8@N4GVIW+?X1T=VE/-K^4#^./QY7^1DS^:7W_Y4;;8


Z7(].T;;\H*U/BY$Z``(DN
M&YU2U


M]V=/RYJZS)7F0
FLE.)@I2
KB5P:VU*6DW!U7=1^!9$+HNRLXU\P%Q\(L_(
M12)M$#+3[?XD+RJE@;J(@T+N`-H6]&+Y7E=C:%54DK./X^GX=G*_^-VN:!W


MG;91T*706JM/KVY;K=:HJ(]C4LO-2=+6$(+ZFQ=/`U@

M'
I)R
M:VU`FAY:HT6-4A:DXY9SZ)9PZ@])Z

;RYU


G)R_C.:WU07V6W(UK=O<R*G3;8OOVOQT?_^<9L+F[PR)9



L<&]8\D#.A@2O@XW`DBV@D59X8+&*TWS3#PL\&NK2:Z^8Y:5)RIXMP<@M
MXD'*(-WQLG28[!K%F%Y%7RE7!]+U?O?N0-CG!@M1H-DJ0F\)<U$V7RK84
M

M&-U=/]PU4[%C1N(R



)'!YCI;

MDRF%&NK?3ZZ@@\1)ZQ!,&2X$[0UI`
MY]52YXW`445X_&FY#&\ZF5XH&*(5AJ;)%C'$^U4
Z&;C_3SJ[;:;P1KWLW
M[Z


3`\#?1SY?P\:J%M&[1R
H!W']TQ<=7^SBJN`D,&4SKX.WPN8E+@X^I,O%56OK55P^T9(+KJE\(PV

8[C]N_)M!S4^IOO)?R=UO1*E:.]SRN%4^5&F'8=
M35@




MY


IS;9U

MD=&XR93(X./:1J0G'_%)EB
&Q7+15DP`&8H^!NL:M(8G3GNQ6H[&G'6:CNXP
MN
`-V8;!`I*#5.JZHVD!EZAX7V6!7P;2`UT(TS.*@3%-=($2Z6;2]2REJ,U
M4&G@RP[CY3A25LK@DND3%@*WH7DV^ED+$*]?D^P?)^*&.P7[
TCUS&J0'Z[






PA^;2^YET-YH(@)
MR24&B#&!E*@3N&[]JLB$MW5KC0N9U'W$[E82EG%(-(+R2-4@U&`BY9VJ@Y



I6


4
1^:(8$+RR8J2#.L\EFZNW7HFK1HV7B?OBK&+
M?)]^+D'Q832?_[B=S4N`QN(][;O[=M_-IG\L1I]_NG:(1R-3#.C2P_%(%6`
M&(/)DDQPFU-(&4TE-&4OPWR?H3T!ZK?X_'U\

G
M8]IGQE74VKG:GL;


MKZ;ONCBXJ]L2GK=WM#@3
C=)CD#C3PHTEZR-%M=*0QV](56O;MJ:81PPSFT)





]#PN%=]9%D`Y:FDT`+JK[CE(2YA71W+X\_^I.
MF7G.M!'1&-)80#1TJXQ
EQ[3?HWY?N0A4UJ2LDBLS6B]\IJFSKYH92K&[Z\
M%H;/MX05AI(%PK)L@:45LRT!#NPMCY=?64^H1+EWQ/=(8;G\C*9EI:@=@R
M:TD^B^H
Z4)DLCJ=ZEM_W)9=]EFE!)S'DBF();N[6801+=;-V[A]350-BM/U

T@8]


V:FV?&


JQ2XTL+NY_^-9.JHAQ:(2TF!HG^G0(7337:8EI2R#HQ@+:Y

M/'K/=7+X;')#%(H.B@S



M4)
2R22^MNP;XV/&[LI?(L@T9*1Z*M?&*]R+DORT:I!44Q0E0)?*.VA4Y(





V'Y*




MH;3+2$Z'ABQ8CITEV^Q\+O[.6PVR&XG=S'B^7Z'E@;;R)7KY


F

^2^(8@T9X6N#FAJKW5


*](.EX
V2VB1D91P]/
9^3FW&:U5.CKN95.$^O3%

26CR7966Q+WWKXFQ2HPKT9^[9Q9?34.`?%STU
M^G%N03+*VL8''TD[I7P@Z_K<5MGTE)3K08/J[/F%WIW!]BI5N'[YTP3KJL0/
MP.0RSFY$L;^`@J+KJ!O]FRBP7EU_FE[<WET?ZS'(DGO[EHI1V`D_V;FOK:*

V0N7^)*RH5/ZAP_]NCTNF1[;U
M5!'&8Q&8Z!84N1K[2/01CDZ&L0.W-[U-L:6+T:76U0@R@N9^]5RC:WAT$I
MEOMK/E]='KV#





L+\A5S?[_I

M4A+[[Y%6=3:




4&
C]FMHS(;?*8

MH=LAMS-]KS



MX1+3_*&CM77TX??KZ0(MS?&E&RZD

RU?!6\
JF)U-FB41M9%



MV00Z






M!O




.GDAFS+\N
O)^&6[%Z@





25S)'Y76!1AT!


N)B9JZ'*Q0PT(_OT0*:XMS0G5C15CH8V)J.XF!13
M%T;:2(R#9.X-C8!!Y9XFYW7.$12UB[YH)V18P5TZ:25N#3(*GKDX$CD'9+
M5R.&G$*
(+$*:;*9N$(GL
!@GW)[_.


KK=/:]K4(<)Y;(HIB<HASW

MK'MK@:;G_S/Y


K_?YG.
M;HTOS\/7J^O;B_^;??_]]=4?T^O;;^^_B*]JO=[_OKOX8WAELDH)D**#$@VJ
M:%/.U:HM
?ZNNQ@2WX_3
M3U^SH[NS!)LD[2`0)CE?/,9:!/G/8$RDK93B?_WW6QE^NR_DW07U5Y=X;W6/
M/]U(W*:4C$:=DB<?!AF2MR3Q4G6*3@3'U^`O`M](X/WYYN5D_N]6RIK,62+/
MR(FNV@*FDU2IFR`$F--91Q)V3P#
9NWO^;-Q/MVWEU.N_FO-]?S_O_DV?S3


-MH4%))%*&0I!
8S`&E[%N83E[4


MMZ&0QT\?S9C!9A&]4I@HU:
4VQO.^;*!:!
:#X.H7^2\FU..LA84`8K+58(L
M-5*JEX'

)WYU^[#F=[]WM'Z/




0[_N/!.2\

MFEY/+K9L;XI)H'7*FU2

K:]B7Z\H7LMMC5C?&Y0M11
MBJPB^FI%56._DE'5MSV1H'W3H[K18O]%T:$?OOW/V1/?T!



&1AO=CLLO.M7E1HGG3NAN5/




'
)`+

M:R#]XJ5VU4
O_?CIC@KM';?^+=['=^_7Z(0)IB5ZCWSG;4HFM8P[1!?ZTK(=


`\5PJ+W-41EFC@B`U&:_'




MV*8-R

:7
[=O]]]W?UQ^
9Z.AF4ADA?O&
MK;$%KON,2`]`/;U/OFIZ$(F%`0&@!76PTD1DVBZ0[13]GAZXB?E[
5N+KOY






MH`8


-N265K;+?TX4=NG:J3TNE!.V!-!D/L9

C`(^PW9[99X=HW:
MTN84*3W/%-ZL-SQ#*PVHJJ-
^UO;%_:$@;1/Q0W+!5!]#=Y[YJ2




#



/<IJ3U;SSI)8<HU5G2Y





M&RRA0V7(.@U8D5Q4`=(`
Y5H'Q-N[L-@#X5SM='*(!DG9=9234E$F/ZE3@

Z9UY?**T




=R'O8&
M*-A#4J=C\&V+:7J99Z%#L_IT?K0HOWLR/S&I?T331WO8AWK(7$


/CLPLV/RQQ
?TB:%:T`/W875?(6&V4--`^XI&F






M76?5PY8
M8-B97[?!VS;GZ8<WZU=T(29BVI\6DB^^/=/CVEYX
MNL@^)UT%]L%@]5(HM*1`D97(ERBQ4_!3NCBOT%TJ%/'#I/C)TVA$C+F!)^P-


M7[S_]O['CWX`/Z4VKY!JM


M_:&0*]]__2_VY3=O-_6==V/#\FNUD]:^


M%O.GZ7P*4'



M**`]$-Z[O5F.072^:\
99=
KP6%M?]FQ'4)!G!NQ!U\K(NU-
=?Z[/`3/C:7
M^#H#__3-ZR06WS%J5A4@-9=2BEO`F_




MKF=P









*)QSB

5CJSBLF
MDX//M<*TED@U&)(PMN04G#VB#M5A]T2MFG`X0;+6N94NN;.=J'44(5[474;
M'

`]
M1FJ#S.I%@]HH'XD/L\&ED7\)E!B[`5T-$5=;;YWW/C-D+CTB:^Y0;&4UX3*






M6OKL_Q?.4?)_E1@\?4D-PV[.BX3HN'(%[_=VK'W)89JZ2G2-%\724CH`#`?/
M8`5#&I



MG^W5__K#]U]MO\.%SJF



MD#U+)$Z[

YI*WQ




;A'=-+B4EO%EP3*ROYO
MH2@!#2%CBY32FE7;H`N:39&3N!O)]=QQ&5KN6B.KH*ESA1BAKX[AT!W@(_,
MS!U$[S]_=-83F*XJ0B.(-?K4@DJAW5HG`3)/XQU=7E)V!S$8WKN

M


M\41G^IYK=3=

)IYLI6US
7A--:<C.0CZGV*MI
ME][BD!'</'03)#_KUFV/SPV85?RF0FJ$(@=V+W3BE:WFZZ(AWG+-*2\LK1Y

;*)4TS_MG?3K0#

.5FZ&\9P



M8]
8NM^%
S0G)]/@%RNBX:WX7^TG8JIR2-+;I6U91!K6UA[KW&-O6D`Z_M


M)M6&RK/%TD


@0J=9



M/+:'7KK=%*D=-:[PW$$XOL\.D+Q@+BYYXMY80O0;
$D+^ZE3=J7`'-B#KR@
M%;M7WPJ.U)9V:'
CF%9&6GYWG#LK82CU+VBGEH8(3T9`*[@5'@D3S(-M5


ML72KJJFU!!ER9Y*]BUW$*NW;X714@SLU'SAS!F_7=2?O-#TTN'.PLON&Q*%N
M
$SV^*4QH8![9;P\B)E:NX^:1:.;9[`4Q./_W7_^_V+RY!$+7[,3SD%:





%OJX0-_+&Y$`12Q(E
MHU/@:QJ8&(;`]_^78)80N
2::^_W4090T#O.M*YZL:&G((Z5FCY5]1^CV@69

]'$=*!0(D:[-I+A1FA**1
MX&9)(NDJ#6V*&J!_L='?IV&QVXMOEB\U]\%`25E=`=K<8I*U-
?F
56\4
@

M*;UF2S.6+;C^@@'W9R;;NI%-8V97QM=9_Z@;^AC)NUC%11-Z%6
285O1;R:/
M*N




G'^[7%PMO_OI_.S=]&NVMUW=;TY1L#$(!!L<9)L<
M4ZL-Q)!PKL


'!Q5-6:)T'(QT8KSB3)Z1V
R9U;P^
`R



U=!SL%

M:_@0E7^

MF*PWDCJQQ)@;-U;..Z$6;F5L9O#)WHTYCX;[H;!&=)=:(\*B7CBF6IP/:L%L
M?W0E


%UIK


@-F3+A#PU<'/V8'TJR3P;^OCPL8VTN
M!RFF9B..M%Z!Y0!8=38(?E)/1P%.

M]CGM@9OG&M7=



F4`_!9WL8P4X%O+0'Y&@1E%9L8&TUD=R(N,UK;5?SA[9TS!J4%2*C;ED
MBA2S$UHG:$T6ENG0W\Q&GF*8:PYV@J.U'0$XR'YTFA20S%43!FS/!;@1#2!


M!-EXHYM@R
N_VN0$O@BE[&
&T'GF3(6;;O]*
9'M#!JD-2$)8Y+KM';_');1

JJURJI-J6QK.61$?

M@5EA.*#]N#P_7UPO5XMS/M?_^O;WUY=7U\NW_.[=2I%=+S^7P3SM6B/$JBP8
MLI(`R\'JV;;5QYQ1\8&:Q[$



MS@GT_DW(I97*Z%!

J#_F

?
+#C8_V#RTNWBQG

Q%


TAY.U
M
;[S^_':UR

MZ@6I3&?10:N-31PYK/.G@O@I)@=




MQ:4&5

M%@H8V+66B&H(WN+HL8







__Q






M597D@:94YU


OL(QL
AAV=@HH2

M$MYV2(SA`1&;LLU`T!&3MRY1&_P63T@+;V/AS^+H^)_PV0/`T&!TIL3MFK

4]L1!7:



MDQN2CV'?U]A3B:






;KU7!JC7LXW#
X`

M-45'6R9LORVL)JE5Q)8(K0V9'8SB:VO\*\'*-]&X+C@['%8_7EW\6YYNKQ:W

-KABZI&/?-?5D'O
))%Z.VF$%;M((Z4LN*1FK




9Q

0QC

M8D+U?-EHIZT\

1L6UT-Z689&]8MCPRGEO&9A*\RF]J:XH(MGD)X)APV,J0
MMWCLIQ9SLN[4I!1AJ0D;ZD&J0^UPQ8F/I]=^':D4[FSD#6UC#4CZQS[BXKO

M^54







M





H:=][835*\
















MX-8!

M)_F%5(I-'.







'H)?\V\)SC$/3[&:7=CWY%C-RLL]O0E?#((!7S-BN^`;#:XMECR2&GBY

MB%F9K8J1VU)91

M






U]H


Q#0Q_W&;
X3)=`$VJNA7EU77U=@:_B+5_8Z/YC3.:+Z/CH

MEL8KPUNV21P+HJ/5
F6P



GHM6
MJVB#29F3G+YI4.+J4C(E%@5!&:V%]G?[
M$5W$!ECE5J
R(YNL1V=M29:@':
MFQ$#O2^K@BT(WYOCFRT!2D'E&(RWE9TDV;XX8WJ$C8Y=Q+47)4:Q_[%%!%
MB!RM\CKWI

M1%Z;RC\PTI-]-Z*9/.!@EKX4$6+B:F:@KG/G6=,A3=DWB:,+-3-3%3#JJ_






3/EM]-AS9(ZOJ?4+?
MO66
66](.BA

M8Q
Q(92
EG0
(3#%_VP(RR'2ANXKN9&S]C
0WZX]]/FED=5:)(T18B7655EK
M7




C
;
L:3U+YU5%-*JVI+\(&\P12M?^!J-9A-[ZA.+G%&
M42T:;1-P0IN]!M#5&]4MSZ:29IV8]-_^]J!D^!#'S&9[W)/MVQZ*-H5SQ6H4

.5Y?V@-1\EF$^
=(`0HZB*R5PJ4RU

MSY87!W2RHB%78\TMVRRD


M#R#

?]BD_PE_+I



%;FWGX5G






MG]NO]W?BT1_^P]F7!OMM7?ZZJ.+NSR[_OCB[N?U)0N3B[
/=[Q/M^9:44Z)`

&K=?_!N'V


T



MQN

9Y-
MCFU^;^T9





%R[(X+MQYH)U
&1C_/8&U%S%^?[Z^G)QL?ZK


M7=2821.QK/DX=!9^ORL'UYD.G%MP/^:[I#EK0BF@H1LJ624?ZAM2P5B80'


K10

MLE4$2


M




MD(FYM*$8;'A@BVBIAB[3_#3IQ?&`?TFJ!5+0N-4=-&G1#C4#6@?#31OLIR

`BAI9/J:MV


FZX;E-B0?L.


23EH(
M+VDHC97=);^Q
Q8I&TAJ.(L$CMQW

M1C6A\UX]%5L#KBA#(%INK5(!AAGU.E?5%?2\V4/3'P[8R8G@\%/CO
S(*B8K




3BP^)L<7.]8O!CKBN]QSE2MJ6T
NS.^=[II8K.Y:0K('&I-H28#(:,IE*$W&70[)-TL069\8)Z^)64LD:


D0&M5EW[WVK)1#*96$E/B66)?#LM6_J)5QD/N)

JF-V$LGG

M]QJJ#];HS#%*C$42+2];&8GU4]%&V[E7MSN-Z'2`/#RKD



J5U'LLJHK

X*\!7+)D\BELK7







583\`KAW-V5=MXSY
SF_FTX7\2YY]

X(^M)O$HL!GTJ1+!'26

0AS%U5A;HQ'RAI0-7)1KNZ0:LL)^





DE4AA8?47P_.IU;4$74IEYTNT
MVBQG1==F#;3CG``V)-
_([S_%'7Y+$M
WR;SLT^3[=[N*8:!CY`#)B?
D!


'G
4:
.

4139)^H]C)'6A\R&;NUP.?$I#(VTY4LNAIU#3GK
M3(H8VVFBYV+ON!Z1FKULK@$Q/)R$Q7J04JE9@59U9.PMK23D(E'O
VB8E:
M;[K

XBB?GT7S=#UL^+UKX]:8D5U&QC


@.T$Q''P5EKSW25N%D:`*U(F=.&@#

ZN+80PA)Q
=[WK-\CL^1=B

MUK1TOC?7LB&NKS]
/JVR\K[?.J?SQ?3;Y-W-H@4B8H%7;UBYAUWCSVL-EHQ6


-22?

MF6SIZ*1=





M^VZULIB@EKC]]/R%%O5NLMA/3)R



PX

KK^M%PM
MUR[*

ML3(%Z^ZOM@Q`/$
CGAM86J
A55+`638`@Z8





O7V

:NBZBMU5O;\BDV#BLF:I<D[S8.Y-P5$NF:G3/

_+8GO=J&)3E7PN5%61_9+:FS@2
M*I.=ZIA'WY!]X5;:?1^Y

@U--:
UI?C!7HX3(NA7Z^X%.F]EL-
U


M]EG
M69R^SC&IA-0=K?




M46$$-F+C]5/&^.B=O^%.YJ5-\B


;J:

MW'[XGX/G;Z.JIBH=(.;L*U


7?;#.-PU)EI13






KIHP:DHD

L=
H3/#









8NNMB3DX56K;I%Z/
MSH'^QNAYI)WP



QY7?5E51D!WIMC
:HBM9A#
[)!C@V
M.+]4XJF`5^7M7N.L/X%N6&MV8Z;ILE2




M^1YGI^CYIR%[3VDP0V#JA%.MU6]D@!W7FXDU
'RB72R19\/B;GJ^A+\E_4

M[%L:[PT=^GX9_448XD@`I
(T6%4H?#*JK3DZ;09;5$\V=WUO[S:7%YRO10YJ

,UH%9,!:;Z)\[7$$?B8,#6O+-!$UI*7F6;XF@+],WW=
%





MP1G/I$L2$&?J:`-M8\I?APVFRXT*:Z)&?-J;RLW*HE@[VL`P'TVGM\&GWVYN


N7%MH7@?MM*S];
PZT`OHL
9
K_HUCEIUM9`9;+%^]O;]


R@U2Y&42:@$G)!]K9P9DTZUC*\GDLO]LZQW6G7K;
[;






M[
JV-:MH?(
D#V2&LF$#5?KIO!=ED2/1
6LF$JUQ^E95-1I`5I
-KV=(7G-?


*E$%S4







M2#N_WK



M-M6Q;V^@*OX#C/:)*-E@A_IZ(=.*Q1Z%OA)K'0+4Y+
J'
54









0Y=^\O/.


^`


JTF3*TVT8/M





MX?YN?KGL:33_[6;9

UL%%]3

R31`LNR4D_IF





MXP





5S7*!7
MZ&;?4:504:(=4(7G`O7PMZ^O55UG\]GM79\6)
IX?K]83ARZO9O?+SH$_G!S

/[*R?4C%CKR*!0$;W23+3LJ$4DG5A4Q.[YUSW

M
Q8CQ_Y\7+Y=



M\:[49'IWL9I[N_*T[%3.&G2




M%CE+%C\1%`V3[=B#P29S8F2[.SZE(
Y@4



!:Z.1S*9(X+;%]WWMA*$?+!A&24

MZ



3X=]8V:QLPF]4#9J+XMT!2-GW

M*]P:RYA4N%['

P#7007?BWO&


ZL`4C+2'!=OV*;:
BYCGD`95SRS!CMD]FU:T
$K
M/U%(U*C!.^,1^5U-O;NLU.$!$56&#VSUH:?70Q[AK^,4C+8G%0+@*)J;5L^
M=D:D1

V

\)](?TD

MA&$J\5$7?B(CAN)L1:FN.;5/CB@V-QDQGYC&:YZUKO3L4MC7ADEVZG-S9N5#




M$E

M3P\8?[0_;K!7IF13DC426_(E.HT
E30;+M4;JK)I;/C)`
`F`-3K5_5TJ9LP
MU07(:%

.
M8)2
%#*AZI(#Z`.S6V\V8D3)R]@18P-C.3J03;Z[B9'`'JJP%[&YWZ-
OMMZ
MYN%!_-Q`CN.]/6((CF
LV26K]HQZGH8S4'H6T

M0N0
]A_6@4OI&O%%[?Z^_KM$\346+H52JX2B1WHA@P0$8^CY(K'OY+]SLRF#


M@+AI1/W)`&STWZK]J21/BC%5@E`Q6*P5IE\\-]81@:WY\.Q\8Z2VQ*_C)7


M30FIJ
=S/)

M1:










[%.!M7(8?P^51N7JI&Y

:GSGC.-CTLBKBAH2`XU)

M




UZ[6AI)NZA24!GX1STI`@
2
M[?

KG4-1X#BP@D:D;&NA3-58@#[:WC%L[(2\
M0)W
?MZ*5J-%[4I0!5WCH'M=QM\@]][R*]'&X;;092!PE*
%#%H;37I21
K@

JZ^7U'&'IY\JA

KMI.$A5YF.T6.:1RF==6'O%3#/F?X

I96&KKH\%J2-\V_85ZMNY5?&;ZJQ/=GBSV3$







4H\4JT3L+%%5ORP36WXA93
H*I;]B
_B@^:P=C6!.N
M&JO)1U95LL((TU:
86SY8ND\N]7A2


'GS$SK4U
M

#)5CGQ*KAPK.F&ST
M:F
JAZG;N]


M?7RS_'E8_G;S=O@\V;3/Z+'4?&60S/Z+



MV@T#&/CJ9H6-/_OJ71-.&\MAA$^^MLZ!IN_:/[+UYSA($D&%6H)F`8GMC^Q`



#@;8I?)



M*U^7BZD1:]`I:-2^%=2P4C
T**$+*G1/1/ZMJGMN*4*)@:U')-M:40TYGIY*

V-799WAE2Q61K@1RVS







\'4=PEHH*

1GM8C6I
M


M?ALVMK[M.


M\0

Z;
MO^*1W^&

^_#G</0QGN
MACGT&X9R)5^K]LX83F@P?34*]R^W;-C-V=ZPT*^9+$GL4_B90T(^HHXW);

M5`&]#SDYB9.4B2I



M`%590

MN@&YG$_(N2F6&IQ0'5
R/ON4$^2IRB87I7KNG+YY\\QR'F(]^!)FUWR-Q+#3
M./9O:4TMXDKPG2^_2AV)RU'%VY'

MHR[W)-;#&!6;1W2

M^8LOV+?[ZVY4[KG%G!W=5&.
M]#09A_0%C]!_5)



MMTF5OFII

$)^W]


\*7

+MN-X-G!)C*[G(#H%FQKD(H+EQ-Y+


MB`:




M8E6
8_HG6M]Q[IY=-1R?7J]N)P/_Z=L_'^4YPV]$:)`@
7KU?%=L`QQ9X:
P
M_INVM49BWS=.+NN!-4=2@A4M+1Z)0*P3B!/:#R'E+JPD0&1/MM^^M*O0NE



M$V@

M^SD!5]ORP;M6=T2Q=ISF##94H8..QI2`U3D7QM





R]68

OW]W

SNC88':I)-J9%.)KP;JP.57EY#A1]HX=N:&*<C
Z
M4'KJ4&KJ#C;
-=+OA_6^THL'[%A



)HA6VKKB\+

C#&%$*I.XH4





MJ7#$GVV%



M./1TYPKP&];9]@/+81/FHBA6'772CF








#VA9O_
M1$T_U
)Z&2I;R$;M'0R7=

MTE+M[MZQKR5Z5C6[4SJQ`IRIE]`\0K
`%JA-3BQ)#MKU`@-[L6]?70_8E:3Y






M$FR1;I]B+:=2SLT':*Q]A4WAQQ%NVOJ^T.Z$D#:QW1*PYC6BO-&EP`[OXT0Z
M3BX@'B^0W!?.QCJ&V'S*2

M`2@Y2G2=JS3!QT9N&/5BE2$C4T?WVC\[U5I:Z9@A7QO*30S%!JY-PZLP0^Y[



7&H*-S\Y$;R^L;Y

L)/LBVIK=6+(UK98J\((SA




M4@5YJQPZ.&)_*X%V4I0&13IK04777=+?M]!+
^/R(X(-Q`KYW;58E'67'A1<



BH9PX

MSF9I


MSD%K&6Y


MAG[

P





]5IH
MJ9#C2)QM9Y'A)7$\W-8B]LUP(5C]92:W)-'CQ=_%#%2OH?#B6)^=Y?_(5AS=


M8%OU](B6%\J6(



M]1
@.F[8$V!;U74`+;D0:H%8


SYZRP
](\5O!/*_#I&]*'
'][<6;!/G_GNXNK=[<WP`;VT$]E.8#7(R0AIG7.H

MWJ;+Z^O+/^6A_.R*_^:^_/3HH_M`!S&^N!^N/^/
Z_[MI=$!F(U$?TA)YL+R







M9*8Z?Q4YC.G+I4R79#\%I&

M[5:Y;6IP7$9$#93V\^QL1XK

MNY7$R4SF81\U$AVSUA93I.1



1M3ZV@H1H'7@:\5K&4M+#!2JD6+BJOK-,@L+4C*"F'
M3\WZU(@[)NOZ:`RO*-.7'09_&VO,[K*WO5;+76X=N]'.A6&B//DOI)-SJ$']
M.NUP2I$8EGU6U'ZAKEZV\H0_&DW-%9GEQ(#5^$KCH2A06Z@==TBFHK@2L=Q
M#GE.!B**R&\P()P,50+5=/VV&)4B+FT!)22IS2.EJ=C[^2UW@V`D-R_3HO,
MNA`D,F\#A0/?=2%&9L*@*$G60-?1RII+WK`K]








MY1X:4'K8^JA9QS=E.8`
=U;@]H$2XEPW<`6LX=PCB8KUY/I51PH)

MB@U
JK`:%*)H3KM,8\^6M^?#KHDK!O+XJN[O



7D6(!2C^M=PZMY4'\OY=ZK2?$1[^I'\ZU'63

MFG
8


M


MI?;F/M$XS\H.QDSLB9A;[Y[?J(BY:9\5KRPXK2HD^3G]5
^=:Z5O(
M$S1U&;X8K%E2+IXDW
$=




M[=31




MP/KA;OWKQU5[_WYU]_CN?;K?_

Y
!ZUC:4!YM+8-LG


MS6HBCE)O%8-&D.]%5LC`/U_UB9#LV2&90/XS.)-\




MBZQ3=A\5';1
G66%++510N9YDL7P#:O*&W*E;/KZQ$!%RR/(IO#TN;
#&U
M2_OGKONMX

MY/L[LG0*2QP



IYO;MJ!=*5'5WI2QR8++PPL^%[UY:++A6[1[OQ6^4S*69#*E)[8$





V@L=_F!
M*Y&R
U?T_LJ








7;M<4ALG1M

MV:
BV

:BH3O`O([0V<1#FCE
O5^W6+9M[:Q1W;[!




M_31XR%5*+@3`7'@R#:R_7W@Y&OL$7Y#
^I+^H)Y(LG=JH\F:[:]Y9)H7&?]5A3FKE5A&#1U$P';

MM`IELOU'O[$G;



(YW_^R\9]%Z+])/\^'/_^/[K5XI

M/5!?AT&]%J&_Q9.P^?JG$K$(!&\`FB9F:@72?/U;BN


M\+X

L7Q&`JH`/-UVKQOD\M3DT#ON4P9&P':O09PKN
M@JXWVLKBK0=#Z4*QA9Y3K80DQD7]7VKKI:?]@73EAFR1:2AD76E3`K#S


M%4\G+/W)__OIW51YWGUXHFWD-29:MK_*&;4.CJK'DILK4UDW`A8/XU9'.J;2

;EX+]






W;;O[&SCLZH






L/X_&


T(2Y
B]=I8U
MJ.PZ


MR/D97-O4:0+6/F57K1B;LC-B9_N2S$+6AH^]+IV&[I
8&-MK3X%B=P`2G'@7
M.AP*.N-LR6$5R.8BS&XR
-:Z/J-CFK/)`9
)9F*417C



*XIDG=?US$;SD?FQL=0W9-/7[))6EB`?V)WJ2)


Z'YL;S890B1I#$R66
M').O&![`Q)J'/#0DL#^QGWM)I#3G0L_&4VY`3M3'\:Q&WRKGN(K;=Q!7ST40
MU@MD-$V+X&+'I
O0G)F


M

Q@*6BRGGXO(84U&J!-]WIM?^*TCTKDVL):L'=GSL
M
LN#L2_%VU-A1C5J`+A/.#?J2
RYY3G
($U7\E!`MKB



M28/2LY/!YH=E6.TC6=L*X%[51/BD89Z-(?B0&*W


XN(;G
M4.((;`/@%HMHY^5T:Y(BFDPWU`P%B*HW234YJ;


^LXMC1I!

MA?HB)+UTB7/B2A-_?O\\M9F+9:#^2P_]V[NW]
38_SH\S1+VFJ@:1Y#*NL


MK'O;Y;*P3T;\25RE[2NS4@

M+6+VV:TRVY)$7FVTN1BS&QTGMA+%F=(DUP8V)L-E:N@#*.IBKI;?HYX:'40I



P`YZ=

M[%%S


).\7GH86DZI':'D&T4]5




+(6U7[46E-,`LW%/<-@V-JQV^9T#*]D=0&3X$C:$I*-E;J2T<G



H@KYX*G.X4S5-MT^U@%R6W:T7L;`Q/5Y&




]W0M;6P-D'-R3@NB30I
M-VSD_]F[LMY(;B3]BVSP%XOS#(X*P!'[UV8X!]K)6RW8615#TER1[OK]]@
M9FHLB75EM;*J-+




M95)2:K8XRJ3$
3(:.1YX*[UOLYZGAKLGQ)+99B

M&^I'_NKWJ\6^S#4)JPM**X..2F2OB0]RCX^1VS:S:5_WRYP!W]


BO-EM=)`X1LA&QQ!!)]XVY+
MM5V1'8B9K?/5WQ^7ZPX?[Y=WW?W]6$[]`O?PAB/CP\/C75=6J^MG.GK\6/];
M[I?]M(T_BZW^_


E5Y

[AO4[:;7^LEH?4GO'82;&
M;-@Y2XK!!^=UJ

=




ZM?ARQ7'DXZO+B:\Y

L='@O]6#JY5
M&-#T]IY)$'O2WY`FS%O$5S*$7V44HR:4/!7F^R]-A8NY+C/F!EWUEG-#B]O
M=\9ZZ7,_2,(2H0NVJ;H=R&

MS`(YEHG1\6VQD)2AH#4K1O8(AZ2Y`!7:BF;E&Q*IRY7)%*58.PTUE$+**%ED


AETR&-Q
7_!MO5[T(8QTW4B76BE/,A0W0BJ:%[HPK
M4:*6ZMZY;8G*RQ/(L5I18B7^S]%6CA;T=AQMP#+)3K?\H/+]W)=IW#5HD=UB





=
\FJ:6)(8Z'!2#KYAWFFXN]3?L&509A
<9*U9&'TA!!8]11A1C]ZR1WK<S

M'-!9



M1E7NYW

UZDM(%I6S;S4X$828RFY22I8*
M.VTAB%SD2#KDC.?P^/P[]^:J*2I9'-3'U2B)K6P2VHRMNR68M@%4ROT)AC-`

703U(*9
MG.K


9MJ/WO)/FCCS:KXN)=L8D=:)$RV$AI$#
00LMY

.@^=.LK_NG%K]N'&#])Y%#R'MQ'W@//
MV6HKV66ET0.R6H




M]Y\@O[O]PNN;7




SLYGIP1@=A$Y`*
*C2W1[`:%=W[PDR;G
RL]CY$G`?U?RI%!];Q7$?
MHL]L.K/N[ZET3D!J!^^JMKS]$J`?J:7X`#ME%5]62T%+JF6O`WHC4$!;5M0T
MSU\^$F]K<*:8B3;ILJ%KHS2)@V(H^(@L


M?5FO;M/JYJ;K6R]^^O0T8ZT.4KO_N/JYNZE9#5;(;1GQEO3O\Q)?5-:A-E'I

J

ZKV

:X%)%LJ#]Y





M./;9`D0(


_=%M


8;@?.RQ2*-)NQ:
MLZA\I@4*4E.)#Y2X$.5Q*
B.&9%G9H:%KBTIEZG@RAUD5*4U*3I4%?IS5*

MTM7[!RG1VS=73QC\D3T65\EX3L%`S



M8Q3#U`LA72*YRT2-[_'WL=S79*RE

-Y%Y5







DTQC



Q_?6^(FUM0LU-8]+L
M`L*)4!\3DRI9FV(P&G`W)3
/FV[6/O\G@(Q3


JW/':%W)RC;4V49Y?@QYL5V*4I
M]QB.)\#])O@\'UQ-`J$5[XN(9'`E6JH37'$FC6/27P2N_]G.A$L_[$![Z#%8
MU^R1G%(0`Z[&S80`6[



MTRN&0THRK2`*!Z\)DG[*SCOR='8U-I7AFP8R\TH93T*)1[@JQK=7[\-1GQ8;
M!X20NBQ?#F(C1:^?M@(ZCJ:

7YK'$\U.9G;M7K^QEEZC1.K98.D7D-INFXD


+KF)R4`E#`^






3B'

=$V).AFH=@ITU[#I?;76^*_)2ZB+E
MI'3+.
VAYJIPG)
I%E%
1LZ6D](J)NL9BNUY1C8QI`!QO+!Z-1MCJ0:5*294
MX&:RJ;G4$#?44W









ZNFK







#L#HV:1Q?SM%6OTD^Q5%&9XWZ[ZH4S=JRT9#'7I\MHUC<Z9$N

MGJP;I:;GG[]U\1XE:H^H3I7[()V0C2?

CQ

=IJ%:.5:?/F5`\]S7@BNK_?

M70C)Y^1WV'_-M__

M
57CP&MR20NM\]C6*6*5@_G^*
\)]]O(VAVV







MR6

J7:OLWE&2?ZXNKEZ7%[GQ8-\O_PE4;9/BULY9_28%ZO5


MLT)U5ZQVT4LR43FR$^&






Y%F


VCYL'S\F\W@V)]V




:I'*YY

#M;&BL)D+QJU%`&


^5I

RV^+[-]TSG

?3\B3^(

M)2J7_0FN9P`Z^G+YPNY1;99WT!



CB4PD7

M6$F2SP


TI1D(O!9T2




Z1:%1BHD5ZV8`8Y`'W3YSXW5M^]E0CY_(







YQDT#F[)&G@

;3K&Y

-K3N
M$K

M;H5

M=$YL9'RL

MN:/CHVR]B4996R5`8/S`E)-T[.F9\I8

M\/[Z^'ZY&G?

^O5,)^Y,?%+L4T$?
VF0B;*PSB)IKQ=L-^*:+]GWNBN^S
MJYJ$2:&@)IJGFJ,.5
T+?D^6B=4F6=U`C.:V836



MS05:DC1(S5KL##%K?KY+2UI

M%R`R(?AQF!#\]\\?7Q:
^Y]XPU[\H'U;'!VKL%J=#M6CMMI7R51G0F)R#JU[
@<3]M`;/W%<#J6J0)

M;


#8P&IDO[:C1;K(Y'X@PZLZ`*]*
Q]IL


M_



8]*@`<\L2#0@I
M25I?B]&XY-%[H+U?7?
[8)



M


9!0PDJN
-B;
M(7U_O_.:(N'


[=&3$X8&4!':)W#KCK*
MHA&O6+F

OI-SU
3^.R




MFH/-FK).H@2


R:15%CEWG6AW4

V



MKKIKB







M-:_`X?_]^E)^S*7DB-\KWP))BB5'QB3I52FAZ`Q]OL7%L(IE3`5GX&B*1MC]





M



MCJ^'[F?]^+'[VQ5_OOW]^F;Y?XN+4=!W/ZHN5=Q!``K1`Y`+QE*_ZRN&E-+8

L6(U!;MV38A&



M#WQU





M3W`T]*908*]V;AW2ZFR28;8O03/3E:;7-1.$E^D

MR%QP/5!!WEGO\B:$6

G\Y5!4

MV/M3S#$JKW
JE:G-83+:QA*&*IA.-FW58J8WQV\6]
AP?\

M0X[@3+O511V


M(2
:N#IOG%(BD&T3ABR8G;O=C#MS3Q/(SJ.AHE3P1)&BE00^5D3V(E!-Y*./

W**B_UE\C
M-W
(6+.OR4!V8*I5V?E06L\'HX[B^


MD!T[`=/]&EXVF-.]7_J:C#F)R5'%8@W$7(T.=1CUA\F'2@(KO/0S.F%OS%I$




M$
M9
1H+\DF`<,<L:#=QN;;9!&K
PN.QA)IR0&&S

MP+#SG8OJ2CL2%L4WNQ!\C17E7
A72-AB&7OHK
G-#



`OM

G;U@4?CQ^XU[!J0VTX*129G5U1Q4$.TO@U8
M
'IKJR0
VZ0?EVOS@TTGRA-=WO:W]U
$V@&[OFH]
!L_@B\N.HYQ?MG66+^[



4\HA
M&X.$JO8T3HQ$DG9TS?$*3:A)

M#'1'8]Z

M


M\.'S'Y\OS]O2V

D?U/

:Q;Q





X

-QO=)3I

M[Y=YBGO(%.4?\[-9/LS3

MVO4@:[\5TZ=PQ\)($TY($
6)U809BSUTR%T
`:V]/DHDVT'RNHFY#VF)BS/W

FF:

:A$:94#5%
M;R4%9R]4BWGHXW)?A+&Q#-Z;Q#X$`LC.PQI^AEPP$;;\1=@D`9V3N!/XB1X
MSR8&^**3P!H_U`Q#/E&,\W7X7S*VQBSB;^G`+0`.VN)@4PT


%/X-(Q(I):QDH
@?UC0Q^
MF\ICW(!2M


M()11@!\Z

MT4HR*O3!J


)I8/2ZS]?)7;BXAHCM

0KEN



@
#2T@%^5T6!4


MFWG:BMX7$
#<GYW
M\Z%-#ELK7UHA5<B5;ZQD4D*$(8`V0DT`U[52SLL/IG0W3'\D-^/I0)\I7S.


UFJ#?22:VY+N%Q'%!B6`'#=0D.R`VL<^99QC%EF+


VCEF2B=Y0/P]<V8V^_]J&E$+'+&HH3J6$NKDMA:0-M6D<2NFTCZ
M2#XWT+H3=C?HK0!_8Z






.5P=+Y^!'T-_A]U?

MURA5P\K
FX&)@@X
4N`RO3DVSLVCFY\S/-AC58$61*(\SM/271O-JWFM!=D4





M(T^KU
U&#CXR+6MEG^8XI2W'^A






M8



M!SDNZ_+X&
\;(1#(#O2=T,_@X`MS8.X\T

M+R#


+_X^[]^ZJ#WYZ:'Z


TT






[:3)=V#LZIU6PQ]X]G6_EG)X8:?@[,'
M?\VV9[T]]/;PK=J#7',VQS=N#WTU[G[9?BBSRS0?NF.QIK/F++MZ![D%\FJV
MC^MSG0?$V+<=]&6$O8I;7X]I]96ZWL1Z$^NCUYZ85E^G`\Q8GXC<YUOP'.=^
MW__05R#ZD3?*-?;16\7?:3H:W-=R?:7YC2%/GEY2$KDG?0[7!3]ZA.8`S*N


9.7$&V9G59]OP7-O.TRVVKJP




MRMQJ

P^
A77A16.

Q&HP=
M_D@3?T@%^Y%PGQT'?Z=CE@D1?_^)!4\8D*<QJ




M$VUTHJQ.M-G)$S1M[CZR):=D^0$4@I(;=?^Q.O+YF(;AO6Y:P=5H/QX0P12#





[C$



M/FMP)6?*J*
1E[
7RRPP^3T+0_V





`W4==0U
M9FSSG*
F0
M1C?L6W3!9$_C/KB25*;B.`HNU6N*GPJOU_$I#?U48_N$16S`Y?<'MB][L55\
MT/'YR6FOU7,[W9-FK^6<N=VI#SH^=[VV4W(?-(GE*BP-XE-3#(V9)JC5.F6

M[)K)+=
0
./BKMA8LE&?)7-&U)T#HD%AY/H3!:'J-`5
[:MFEAID.

MH*-)PJH']Q7

MA%+V

M(%L-9)




IH$`M4`O4


0K$:]$A2_P
M`7P`'YXYKV$NX@8^@`\EX(.Q
%E9^(IG9=M^T/G!]493;E.7QO)I2R%.D%D
MPOMIEI\0X_S7[.B8FU$M_3B_0-0KKN,M4`M4`O46C6Q/2@&BH%BH)@-%
-$


9XVQ@+@J(*X@\;X\


(`Y:=+@8W
MDH(NH$OYZ6)L'@ET`5W*3Q=CTTS5H`LFH2PH'EV:J
*^R1HQV)]4$`X6U\&5












M

M^)/Z2U2R!=-F?W4\USLB/VM7-3(.:91/4=[2K`-LU)JH1?^JA3Y48-ANCRNH
M%//
;3D#\\`\
&]EYK7

&]UYIDKU%MMYE4[^+[J
95E'J;'UA@-8I;L:9*6AN!&<0Q$<<$74`7T`5T


AF!3+EU
M$6ES7[+!


;==[
M3J?7V/OZJ/D6F^*:CY@@%^R.7

Z'QVC261L6$/)W



MY75R'ICXJO_`DH47[VYFK^Z+V9^NV%BR45]UM^K.`=']48QO@;











ML%X1Q


T[:#5RR^%;U0[:PM3F)TG5ZS_W^ZT]V(+10AZQCT.6B:#K

CG4/S_D4MW2GU_I93-/__[\



*`^Z0_:1OU$R'5

VL2GX7A]#=?]IR][%AIJC\[
M7A];=SR0P\-NM]9RNO5V\\-
T)58AW0LV.'LCZ/'`CU_M
1^'X<!I/K_-N*H[(M#^R\A9;0*^(T%M]A+1K7/ZE1B'D


D(G&4





U\'YB1+1CS*4N[--LOF$ZBK3%%#U!U%
Q</6Q)N[:0-_69JE+K
M)F6SRL3`*7!:!!,#I\I]2:N=O`P.WR2</H_V0<L^$C5Z]

M@

8@S+GQ=
90D
M5+(%T\Y77I?M:O:I,+H)HLSAZ;1JW9VMJHHI![MS]48-!ECRNH#O.:-7/E

`_


D`?/`

M\:XSOEB45&?3M#E6&-$:PP&)0*(=A@
2JXS$:@=CLL




M3%QY=%#MR&1VWN4\U*B'5YL











MXCRDFAS.6$
'&*8#/'E-%G1YC]`!T`'0`1NM`Z0%7G5YC[OJ`
3NGI?M)Q%D

M-MTF

M\L4AIKL6ER`!QJ8$F*:\);\N[Q'Q*3!00=LM.F)F#1T`'1`E75`P4QML7A
MGVJ


MF:\*_``_P(].IE&C=9W*&
1IF`?\(0N2T8+-B;;\U/8]_QWYP[ET2!K16$G!
M@#T[Y76G*6^GW
J=\.
*.%WZF(+J



0C]B,;?
M6$[::Q%E/*Q(B<T'CS4[77_%ZF49OLL0TO/^$J*6A$Q!C[C(U8G(<_&'GU
M6Y+G_R?XB`9
Q94+KK9K$#LZOWEQ'L;Y66+ZM4<;]

M-%`T4#3*9QK4'6E%#7;FC6%HP58SOS!6]8%B\GIV5X-(^G%&.[MM
5TDCET%

5!LO55D

H(**`#U'`=$\+2N
8YV&8)^(8B&/




9ZE)_XE=Z-

XE6Y_&
AY`LV_'!T?NJ[7N/W^I]7I_\1
MO_2?RX(?TDVY



MF.7D

-W[
MRX0QMP73[_
_'2?9F$8+E/#$
0\7+L%$`A9%LV





L]N4!04;$/Z^QM*PJ59V
^B7
M*^\EW





M]PR)=QEF'RN?/(N2`$`-)0&`FEU00TF`[)(`\BJ




M4U9`CCZ2`7+

MO.T-;[[CF5XX

?/EU*6UL0/&U0<H&PS0
MWK4$H*-U:KV$]OY6/I\A@3+M+.O#[;9V'#*[C2PWF6K/A7WDJ5%631&:NYK
MR^*S^L*N=@#8O2#+0P

G*=R=+1&:D<O)0Y-`TU3\Z%IU*YZ;%_<?(J#
M9

MO6K-MKQ8ARTT`2
JS(@ZMSCPR.1[2#M;L2I*I+,R3#)R"97!?#241H$'!A
M%)M4$J^_(+1FP??*E^B,O2251S2IVZ03F8;:_3
-7`6

M[]I=X^Z[


P#O

M*S=L802\IHU
C6C%K






]!A4D

RJ2+@MZRG*3;]WVISH+/ZZRLZ43@;
'FY)






M#\2RL0I2V9

MQCA\&4:NA]9YA1I1Q^DDR&=[&`6O^/J,.'#-S!C86.-`6KT)$2%X%MF1V2

M:';


M[5:YC[?KZ3TQ-V`BKVCNP3O;R:OSK-7XDR\@R!DW!`-RR5)N@J]91FKN:Z51

M8WXFM:;CPHU!A$`?
V4/M;PZN`5N@5LJN.5BS@2B;UO



M&TQY.*\U.\W&6;_3..N=N?5Z_;S1GDUY\-VS=@=3'C#E`5

MSRBF6NF[*$6ICR`6^6&FYAR@.B;QN($%

M]'9^_




)H;^V=2LUCN_


M\*.3L5MOZ6#^?NC7C(GVP(3=IBS.64YH/!)P4^8#8DM
US5N3DU8`-&?_+

5C?TK&FB8]34

D^+=U]*ITJB
M



MTV5(
B11(AZ&96

M;B


MXO/[-VF2%V^O:/PMY*=-AX#_$8=%?B4N
_V'/W@O2H+O'__VZR_OGSW^_B@N

M]C9'^]SK_6N2%^'P;OJG
.;\YYRIIW++L3_%Y%_TCG#QU%^38L3*(=@TON/B

P(
EPR*\3?Q
;TDN0V(I=3KO5(/RPB*^KI5Q13/[-7Q-&



M1KS7X@VW''+%W_#])?DOC9/XN2OGY(9EC&0L$&V!^(_DA#[K`;TF



M6#FU??F&5^2M3B\FKL#O_G[UY+OKEQ8^G..]*X^9N\9\TNS\85S(XFZY9

M2N4S7


RY<1R?BE6*MSRKLMW<$U+P$Z?,V,1+6]T2,-LRKO\_@+\OM/98SR\
MM_(_V8P]Q=W0E_FXP?/./4I[_H(+*=RV'RJN[;&USJ=?D9A0*S2-N;L:(


M+\#!\YP;@`-7S%1=X\QA[6_?/^MBO-Z&;F&=UWS3QN(QJ=U5G[.O]H-PRKTU
M]]51URP?K-T?Y@K/2Z_Y^4WCC?Y



MMS)
E9A;U[2M$L_TV9V=_9+8BL%BI!2.U!*#?H+^FOGG'[#7$X/Z@OJ^H+

CIXZG!VY@N)JR%0]ID&R`(DXY+I!L=)2K%KY.!BO
M/?W'GV(^],2FZPMK6$9HGO3%NW1'L]-L_/@09WW64:P_YI'L1S?)U])GYA'
M:&W/S&Z$OIX(%@E?!B'C4S73^V^UKLX/8E51/#V(6DW]NY.](&VU7?^Q`Q
MZ9
OJCS14/JNG-%?](RYON$97N_3S!_T08'.XYJF^SRLQH8T@JKYL0A%%#


MP&?_





S6J
MC






M]2E]MC;0ND2)JC


H^!ICA7G<'=H)8U-]2]

M
'DWY-ZP
:<_U


.@'\@D^8/YN'#Q&/&R*O4SD+KE\!EB-8
SB%8RQ8X]]?
MM9JY;6K#Z.UYS.UV^C[';*YNA3\(=*YB\4.3P3BBN@J]1'0R?3(&OY_^N+


V])1O8OSS
MF\OS9L/I_&_[C^OS-TR.Z`ONQN_ZE]W+3K








S

M\AH\:326;@PC[V6/#`MPMP_N7CP?

':`-$!:
M(9`^CK
`4H#4
I!N772O[.?'%W!*;2V[G66L=^X=4@4\*7QCFL#N
VP
')25

&#8+%B8Y^$2.5*.1L\SM.6






M?63YGR]FR]`?)%BK:DPVDMX\%B


G+\&=R+\N*'XZ.NL'O='N3?]MWG$



D\\0C(X=T)M



?A)^!#P2*OI2(2WY






WC289&@U!X92FP:]+0KPS3BX3^487D@N
M6.GU._U.O5M1M]]HKL\D$'M]0SD3ZQQ_L^G5
KO(%V2
%EY+]NQN;:JXZRJ3
M1..B=

.WJC2+VWQ
YIY9Z)B)0O\-`L*./JZZQ&

CQA


.7W4OEBT\
4VMR)SY0V%-^I(:D\LPVY8+1


+A





J4!7/*7TLWK@
;FIV%T@#TO)'
MVBH^WE:@**/W3#J1Q

M&.`
QCQ#6&?/J\L%IFCMO%80`(4I/
MB/:FPB%'3@ADZI^6[:=T89_

U


MPBDBKAN]UQN[C90`IB71S]IM

,J\#YAW2,:V6__EEK;#=
MP@'-J1AR^;AF<,7L<5#*/O:4UV:5CRX&#Z,`747RM.E;6ZWTW'P!:G$/5*)

:S4**+H'ZH%ZH-Y#ZG4+V'!_'
Q#-C'-

M!S'W&'?_FLN(?




ME?3)')`.;=


M)OFG&]UEZUBOOWZI7G_
\@YNP78I\(HQKC;$H=
M&7

J%
S'M%%XR!

]SG



MT.VG1OLB?MQ]&O@@J1BX%$2DQS
4W)V(42V5A[II32`D306#LQ4FS0BEN\'F




MSU4Z?#Z;)3I\)WO\3+R[GZWJE\$P&^_UP)0BTA;Z2LQB
1T2#`A4G7+;:5+1

MC8&9K@Q


Z=?5#/B^TFEFW:I+MFB%LM[JFK+Q]KI6ACIEVK)SFILTT


M4_^.0DEO&X=S_4*Z?

0-.4M[7RB/+
A_`9
M.;/?)=D#01;2I!Q
*87B

UD*LI81$Z2#3:?

9UVG]8RVGF;BX['T).EO;8I^N6)GJ9G[RL/8

UR[@7A2L/8(LN8A$IE\C+LE1=1.C

M6WI/&QQ+Y9MNY5V:DDG-3#I6Y[.;ZA_!W`O=0AE+JUGA:6^(!.S6EV*^L&






MQ;OLEGMS1:7XJ18E^2M%+/&=&I#*

M.!D(U20^)*VD

;R:):IBF




1)K6!3?YQ^$8#_/%N1&2HDSVPR3]6A
M5@.),U`+UI)3010#!0#Q3)[$^`8YAN*52OB.DMK*


MB&)12B!/(9ZZ+O4QCMB
W^=U.FEU$@

J+<#]08%S$4=!_<P4Y6N#5S4_/8D'TI/QCD=!EL^
MMC4-EN`Z#D[91Y_RFJWR\:5?;X(NH`OHLBU=C)T?`;J`+E6G2V]@+N-W''S!

5`
%`/%0#%0#!0[/
5
IC0P.[5[[%:M






U@1#1IL/47V

MLXE@X\`C74IL85HV+)I/ISRDZR(6T\^S
+B5D0Q\E6*;)O5\0^$&-SY=
J(_
M/1ZK9?4!&\N(`

8O%=CE8IM-6KZ\IJZY$YXGOIW
M*G@T#\54GWI+0]&C(^4--0W]#,?29]W;9[DCL3))O1
T_OL!-.3Z86W$VD

!K\D)O!?N-[IE$[&+=M5PZ;
`H
M


C!;P8OP(O2
M\P)V`LG[G5PM5\A;M?PH8B?#M^QD^SF1XRRRW'0&!9PZ;PL\D(PI@8VJ#KE.

PKR+DU0EF^B9KBE4]FD1N\IKG*I#
M+ASD8J!8K!?UI`+R;CULSIY%(F8O6/NG+ZB9YT




K_9C[-U*=MI3?Y&P)Z=3O

U.\JY-




MR62?!VG]PZ-)G7U);%.SKZ746I
HTH^HR^FLE)W7K
.3:&5`J
M;Q:292`=ZO&A\-3U@GLU=D-7!![75T0^=_^

13R(Y2@3.
MK@)OGBC?K




MOZD5\-$JHK\E3#Q(%1O)G*F_9\A=7*JJM;^FP2F4@R,LSNM`L7H':?/_$8L
M_(!@;+BWCAD@KEJE7/B%\V9N3)RV(5VU:AA)/@[)`YOR\,_HIV$YD
/1_/Q

\M?/9\58XWYW0][K==:8VL[(\#X;]9]2%'@K
H)X

M8QE&
?MK3E$!=8T4QGB96FC3^*49-!)&[`FM0^D27\2/\D9W7EE[D[$J);&
M..IG%7?Z*J%(OY%F57&.7AWEDB*B&0U3O3

M
4IZMNK3#07`=]+SZNR3R@F.9&(U

UE'1[F3-68!S
]
M8-0E+R!^K$?ZG[_\FDT`OR624(0KE:LDQS+--/`-V=\4.HE1I:_H1L]3_SZ4


M`BSA-[Q?3U4MVS=)19=H\I5

M3`JI(9\%D=@EOU1GNG'+]]T(7R1Y-(+N(P?^861#/K^^RP]BU4C5ABV;6&
T



M/HO$^\4?'QZN8U@U*KM`?;46HKEQL\(6:]QU8WY^TVW^^.(RB_4%'^F-SK[W
M-8I^(3I8R@Z69'.&=8L!E\UMO7)/50ZRW_C
)S25N+

M.$Q0K$0AZ(NKL'*F\9.R+\4*:G

ME&#+$.=MY&'+*\R'#O@`/H`/JV77CKDS-JM.3MGY;M)_]6^'$0RGS\J^J4
M&&UNV+N%\\B0=L%Y9*^6TZ8M.*`6J`5JO=YJM3942PWD&[;YC_9//..^8F

M]*-T]VA2NR#UPM(]M@A[GI\ES7\%@BV004:A!':K2M1Z7((U`*U0T#4TSF
.#TS&W7@&$`%*3XA&O0<^





&/K4EVJ7N




M%9:'PN.Q&.GP_/F)G]?W2G\E?;(

M2LQB



MJ

'9.G(T-M1G?G
3BAO2F]G;

B*O)]7=1DBME+TA[6J/8\7B._S(UC4TUZ
2F<^EGR,1'BM53Q:%Z
MJO`W_LANM)D8C\G<L#A(R#)5JO7?1.))XNGC\28;$LLWGETS^AQW:Y:^F#Z
M;21(Y*Y
'C'D$7TUG]&?8RY#=LN]N=;QR6U+XM74(\E$1/';BV=G;1E]'[N
MNTJ!I#Q?T#=5XD24

2!#%//O
M(A'@#LIK0B`;J&UV(RK5R@\NDHEI69Y-@]G@?;=?]14C+2AM$7+K6$AX1P



MT^#2$
\7=#/W=MJ18IS!Y9Y9



M5&:+N(XRSV



M-7H7@[-6M^


Y+*

%X67
M9IY85`!Y\/ZD1



NW_R&\*)



M;Q8&H[FKD*^J_U'3J8EA

ML?.A;L`HG-\PW1L2])3X1/I*
=

C8*K4?TP-R`B5+0<^(UQQ<U-3]1IY'0P



\2;^/='7)1?E
77Z3_*@;J2P7Q13S
M
(EUR`QI)1)/E)Z=A$(PTK[Q9&?.;`7Z+6CRC=I





M$X=SY?5[7$XI$#;\T\^4Q2EJ*+1U]ZAX'91?HXJ+%(%4QN-M4;H^A=4G.?
M+K^+YIKLJO;_6'I)?765/@CF$1N+D2+\:J;));]5$?N&J$^M7XMZ
UXIGQ%/





[[XF1-QG/[B1)PDQB8]0!+U90J]

Q



M8G[W=?G'US0T[\N[&RB5IX:E+69A2_CL4I*JX
2U*D'
?]3J



M$@7LZK)&U^4&N3G_!XR$*F
B
YT9VQ1M&IZVH?X4:=?94]S


25]&_7QZ

T*^[U3/CF;.GDGF$!^=
45J\T\_
MN/



M]UL3!/DLJ9I2BE%GF);G%:Z'0)F&K08Y



E8C4\\43-

M9


GD__;)%WF`AWK
U\2X5
;MZ)-X-LEE3
=E%L7*=

M

(S(%[U\V,

M.?OR^?SB\]7%.:._KK[\^NG\])IZQJZN3Z\O?KOX?'W%OERR+U\OOM'W=
6C

MWMT_)F_D1OI)(_D\#A9?)
5
]#?ZI/?WRN-;G'*D%WK/(O%^\4=VG'2YAU6[

?8VB7X@.HH/HX`$Z6)(*E=85CEHU
0:H%15*%DG'^`'^-E;/GV<P95'C&?Y?9O
4$!%0:T
MY8^VS
0?``?``7``7



+M08U-A^HFK7G%ZOGO^9UZ7`#5085)@E4(0*VUI4G::S88
O%!@4

M\A3AF3[J
_++

A`6VFYJD
Q
MI^74'Q]N#G*!7#7Z\F%U0G@%K@%WQ`4`\7*1S&G#=\PYSQ(M=(=GZ8S+D-U
MYOVB$,6=])(5D%
MQ63_R@=SY!N1[H=Z?8-*Q4:YG8*@A`@1.D)`4
!7H`7

1UB&M2`?TH1(S+^SDZ'PQ5C&;[$T9#==NJ#

MP=P](JU]

^NYL-(CB0/)5:8O$#GIE/$
8L

9!Z\I



M9*U&C34;SM8%F(##5^*P]0(

M_PY0JBJ4K)



MA5D1:BP[558MUO`D9&E0`T4&!28)5$`MMA0SG.O'V-_%!
$NH-ZLU:]=:L
MM1T'(:89#ZTDJXKR%.%9$


YIAP'C?X!KX][Q7V
M^H/Z`#8
!ZUK,9NA][C'NCQ@?3:4OHSCDL3JN4WR?3_::;?GUM0K'<.:C7K'
M%


M[@P03!@)RBU*@^4IV]-I0+W_MRZCIC9F2#_F_HU4QTOQ*!)Q+B%Z=;)C2$`C


M


M*&'40U0Z4O0#%0K*B@K-^_=H:(R5=V%2A
G.F3P3'E4[!;C5
5AW\$B.





M;!3












JH+)


M9[*%AJ@X+Z]7ES=QJ`XOMEG8-D-BS*V!:ZT/&7
(@B]C4
QG*7C?G;4]*D

MQ?+U#9OM^@#DRC

XY+$ZIU-\


M.N
RG`I_683B3GK)


!D


;V.@9
MK

$K+?

[YGTV=5\&
F1Y*&T

Q'EFGVY+!6;&!N7ZPMR
_;400A*DR($X

MTP7G[X`7X

M)!^\M0AOHV`^]

M$O0
]`ST#/3



MR?1?T_B9):^0Y[Y'-%B




MXSZS+::0=6-^?M/J_OBBTEM7S.F-SK[W-8I^(3J(#J*#!^A@279


M'1IM7WE([S`5I`)

`+?`+7#+/+<:!NLV@EJ@%JCU0$[]IM/,'V&@&AV
MA!1S^O4^N)5G\J/Z.0Y7R%M5-C:J
5_L4A]L:[Z5CE9]+#0H(C]^K/:G='QH



M[K&S-.MQFE_6HS)9R'Z_AWWV^2=@80B/D5R]OF-N
Q7(!7*!7)DT2
=DIA[D
M`KE`KM6RD-:@WBT

J)OW.'`#



;=?Z.
T!$F+&C))%7NOM:H.O3E`XJ!8J`8*`:*E9=B)T5YB8^A





M&R4/N@YB[K'379
N7FW@FS[#74&=09U!G5V('76;K;K

MIQ\__?KI^M/%%3O]?

LI

6=;)!_@!?H`?X`?XL5
^P`_P
M8SP

R]0W1/AE(W$
#XD;:V?NS
W]UN%
MJ5VG77=R%X@M0Z_NPYJ[BO@'UJ

]`SQRJ

MCSST#/0




M29.JYT:2


M8.9/`!?@]'YKF3O,&'\'TO
38ST

MJV




M\?NA

U$@?*#
H
R@S*K

SD3\%.NSQ39=G_D[TR]/^N+=)$G..\W&CQ\R'76%
M.KWL\%U]KKD/@-XGH&_?@\R#UQ138_$4Z9/.33YGW^P'X91[:Z1SU#7+!^M1
M8*[PO/2:G]\TWNC/!#%W\7F#[*[E5$3LL[ACWX(I?Z3NISR\D7[22#Z/@\47
MB6W1W]S)43RAJTDV*3




MO8'!\MG@%K@%;BWO
QA(@EJ@%JCU4$[]IM/





-S$U/T^1[GZ;Y(A]S.*_YL/4G'7/;
M#U\23E5H:1\#2VS@JD:H5@.$`J%`*'
3:N:.



@!?/G2+:<N`Z&0F^
M+4J5Y2G;7X)@=<]S_I$6=7

IO3
M:9ES#$$ND`OD@GL(BH%BA;F'_7X71X_DF_.H5FKCBZZ_(?V8^S=RZ(FT!`?6


IH#:$+2#)VRA9Q+7R6JOJT`MS.J`8*`:*


ZNR56?!:OV_R&'*H
M
Z@SJ#.HLP.ILW:[E5?2%
H
R@S*#
JLP'5XW5JOY^0UJ;J/U+!0#]H.V@[:
M+I_$6J]EA;*S!3\'F6$XOJ;)*E^IV]NL'`I%XKAPW7C^66@E;=LP&Q+TWR
M62U)H
Y:U`%7P!5P!5P!5\55;*]V5$DD\%`JL5:XTB=]?M3NA
E.4*5;UU
M_;U.*^_51K]^.OWXZ==/UY\NKMCIYW-V]8_3;Q=??CV_^';U_]C%__[^Z?J/

MR@?X`7Z
QS[6A#NOV6;A-`W'E@M'?!:06`*?!6/F!:I[(IRRD1C&AZ2M]1-V




%/1]`=V%.YS-




T5VDUJG4^\98]F15
3[
M2O4H:L*62`54UP0?;&=6J=A<NL_B`UB@]@6$+O9



Z*TO;S[Y\/K_X?'5Q
MSNBOJR^_?CH_O:9NL*OKT^N+WRX^7U^Q+Y?L[/3J'^SRUR__=[5WOQZ$C7T*
M&[?O:N;!:SF`QN(ITA_1$_3G[)O]()QR;RV$==0URP?KR(2YPO/2:WY^TWBC
M/U/8Y2X^;Q#RM9R*B'T6=^Q;
.6/

JMW9]7BK)9V-C6LLMUC2IQOS\YM6]\<7X\_U
M$#F]T=GWOD;1+T0'T4%T\``=+


'80%
Y_3L+IM02






M8
1R&?M#SSD^<6J/;
'=$[U[++VP!C[$5%M#@E:9

'



M'TK/!SA.X`5X\?B^7A..DY'8VZ)D6)ZR_1H&U*U1NITZXIY0&Q^PN`$Y:.2@

MMRCSE:=L/_G1/.2^*]0RA16#WSF!5&$I0E(//Q7&KC51V*&5QH!VJ!6J`6

MFT@G[MI/&*`*



)^ST2(R9]]LF_%5%
+V2G;BQO99S7
MVI$7X%B=Y.5)M]
0MA;DE4^#YD[$?HQ3M]P
M.NMU+&[EL)/PL=Q21*M[7LCEDV0`!U`!]!9+N`#J`#Z,HJ2(`.HM6D%6;
2I_[[NMGTE]<)'R+D-2QAIAE3:;


M+A3:!
5`
5`
ZU0^RN!<8=`%=-F:+@US92A!%]EXG3!<@CP`KQX(E#I

S$(Q%F$H1LD249-D$3H$=)QSW.R9[#8Z7&75L1





M-%2.VZ\#8:I

N6XN@VN^;


(N
M5E`+U
KI2.?\N86T'Y@'YL%O/$R^Y/!ID;46..IIIA
E9SR:L*]AH
[N'+'A
M/3OY/:(_I/]6?;B4/O==:@$[=6-Y*V

R^LRCPY(C]=T/_
MM]=(I

3;QM
M*[N=/-I2

M;-PW7V11GC9/V5Z
Q\*-U:$F%]_=?=O!/O&8\'.]-\1_PDJ\3]4?+'Q5]S



M/MF





M@L%XX\.94^CV7@`W*`7!&0NPYB[N4:0UBTLJWPFN-Z1^G)[Y$8


MQ];@.2A0CU/4(^'ARK4H[GXNYE70)$WXB^H3TMQ2TISGGLM]]%V

M%6?V'/&+LY*/9NVL5;(Z``Z@*ZL@@3H`#J`SF)9`70'V\]B44ZF^











_O.HL3(_;?#?T?\FRY
\6W.5MZRRB;WF-

V'








@D4`\5`
M
5`
%`/%0#%0##&:C=F4ZB9-]+X1%'W8D*9LUQO(4YK


\CVLXA9*%PA9_'B4`P_%J$Z


P5T?


BO!B/A1NK`V8NOKL3[M\(]HW'@IWIOR
6




O-%JG\W)N7!#P2/QEGWRD[^8+'@:?Q\Q'_ATRW;;W&J[



E[T%-4!/4-;'O@7;7$%-4!/4W!


R'
MGBAH:\X!L?M#X2(L6&(Y5



_1V+$I/^6?0V#6ZGF3(;W[,M,A,1T_X:=NK&\E;$4QCB?RVE@
MI3YH/:?56'MLQ[]*M-6SX+2J4`G;H/-5$LS)5/T(_YK@'LE_<Z93E1AT4

V#H
I^^3?BFC_U67;KY@L4-[ESWO9`T[K!`?$



`5/;)5S2J7]#0M
?7SS5


M


5_$ZOOE-6X0Q;GL12X=ZYJMMCG6V8*



MH!@H!HHA1K
QD5+1?


=#S3PFF4!14!04!45!
M45`4%`5%05%0].`410QZX)S1X5-#:RUPU--


M\7IK

QN(74+6\6H9J`?C4968
T.
MN`@N@HL(*JWA(A89/2W;B_%8N/JDV(OO[H3[-X)]X[%@9_KOB`5^DE;B_BCY
LCWB=/<?J&%WR]CONM'/;8/I;;
MJTAMM2`!.H`.H+-85@`=0`?0E560`!U`5ZP@L49@HS3UQ[MDE(:!-UIM-OGD










M;_N/Z_


M3OBM8$





U#L8L=/CUU
M3CNM\\;'L_;9^:#3NCR[:*=VN-V\O&Q6W`[K^S[YB8


AO2);
BHS^CQ+@H'4U7J'NY



MC+

D7EK$:L9EZ

%



D

9U@'9[



#<!17VV8;;G0PIA+
M;(\$K5


M=NY7[-;.0U+FMW(W#%9%+#5FU'VHO0/U90$4H;X.6B*^U-B!&H
:LP2*4&/P

7H%7

1JLRN


ML9)#$6H

M#OBJY5SG&-=!_]@FG_RC-

MCK[C)MU_(/@(#@(K@*0T'G7
57B8+.3JMO;A$/2CI#F4&909E5-B\!E0:5
M!I4&E0;_K*3*;*LC-S)]6:

0Z0D<%X%SJM`$?:BP(?S*H!&6]&(\RH`3HO`B?
J
M;
G'X[P*YWX?`57BC*DJ/=A*SJ-3FJ7`HLHH[RUJ/KU1N[*@5FU'U8M`/U

RBP.F&RA4I


L
&ME
$K#

MH:622[$VO1QUE

4)%0D51]JE(JX[6*`7ZHFA



H14R0W$8/

MRL@WZ=\#^/46OY1/RV'2Y*?2K4KB'

8UP4!P:RQ$I!4J;%5FP`I
M0)H72!]G&RNZI!:'MU3.@RJ+X/*%7J3CG9L@&$5*UXPJ*


E`H&BB:




MHVC.Z2EJP=HM#V4PCZ@3-(+OAFI@:1Q78\_X'0]'$9O/6!R8J1K8W6`=]WD.



M*0.Z`.\2
VJ'L8QCH:6N?OT8D`34AW-)PHZ#

MGY#(DLR$\M.$1UI1-3&IS*S]KBQ=1V(LPE`Y!OP[&PI?C&6B!`0G(Z^U;1`)
M9;^D6HBN$*$
7$#&A1[EW9OJ^J8M-H?$1V?#NM$#PZ-5'^2`#O(F(F/^P;)J




&O^Y8Y:YNJH1QZ&C&
M4
27=T9A33N;:3$R'27+=#P


M;6M$BV^AE2W;-7S&6JB]6&M'D72K6/M_:2+YG9V\2++;5K;M(DTM6-FXKSI?
M\Y46[W&LK$F#*Q38'8=`X:E
F^;?LFIERJL[FL;-U9D!3^F'//RO;II8S2
M9W^H_!T'1RG(K3)S4TH;GALIS[YM)@0L;)U_U23--OB$6:GEG^/8^CF/NJ













ZBPW%^O@H

MXWC&O?])'YZZ?K&I81FIV'JVMW/SF@0




M0R

MZ?Q(/U
D


R'+MA2?'@ITHL_&VMOHV







EZ;&



LJ]M<2)HZY9/C@9

F4JP7=)S.1+)K$
V
M<7^6(=$F']7E[V5,;W?6*IUQJ




7
M8![L*[H;XGH:IT1-NZDE!N*QLY*?1%SI==@3K_NY'_N4E0`P5FJ0(KRX9R


T=@E'TPMO'@&L3F7-K_3O`_IZYXXM4[_


+'[9\

MR%\C?[V7T%[:TFKN#
@UG[5%/NLHF*O:AJ_9M&Z-D^\X@UJC[10F+%O@@^R?
M/?YZZ=SR=K
^


O:

ML.Z&
V6SY\
VVW2-26%?3P0;KTZW#\9

M.AS*Z

)2_D432?SM181S1
R418**;Z54)?
ML8Z:(+-.D*`0;0XJDU

MPYB[_7T/R&T4?92OY2\L25+*.M]NAXS*T9T`:#*1!Z@!:L]#S=CQ5H`:H/8\


MP)





??







MZE#V8


NYG9H'HG4GSU[YB












*O9






7XD]QS\1TY@7W0BAK29[IS83=



6[N$NY*3J]RG-5[4%/P)]:/'KUH?O4WO4H_36^OI
M)_6S3TX8:0
YIDC05T
6T?B$PM/XTD^5T3.

MXL:LD9E'BTYGZ!D3TPGP]\GU60).13Q1DE$&55*`FC1GJ:V\^U5K736;0-I%


EU
T7+#B`]'I`:


M1&)Q.B1=
ME\;AUF8=IC^_G0`@5:-B%:(S@@$4BT0W!`XC$C$4G$U4%5#_:A
M9+8\[0/)RE7)ZVRJ







H*
KR%CRUP]

MT^)B(Q%SZ44LGF2WO-)''K
)OQ5L*(3/Q'?7FX\H0!Z'P51?2UATYUY2WBX8
M/WL*Z8M+]!G7[[^GIZ@/?BS?+;;AUDW)N]E8%_BS2
X\=TUE+Y^1CI#ZG'VQ


MHI)95W7IC8
][W
*OJ_H=C:M;F=)%H%8YU`NF]M_Y;[#5\]R/&_Y7=)W(LST

!:1L@!4AM!^G6V5]


;%


M#[`3R





4_RH?22@@Y3P96\1XS'


MZ@Z#0;W;&+1Z'7







0=L!YM4#2H0`%]`WT#?0/'!HH&B@:*IIJ*
MIFFPRH/M0P]%`T4#18

1LP/8GJ2JZ`X8CS./D;Z^L%G











^):.L

2%-*A$H

M4N6I


\^/Z
!JP/+ER*%7%#^V

M$PP36)3HD9_&M!M$8V$'!..J4D+'ZLRD@]

18A&J-@UH=





M4P^+&L1%93(W03F!D12`?Y/H[W64/AI!+:8L+Y:Z:+U0&CU7!20DVS-.D@!
MW5$0MJFVE5

M1E4Q4L&

5$`5N




M^UML[B:RA<

MX`!'P-$BP0&.@*-%@@


M



@$Z*$QJI0!1WFX#U!?4%]27


L1QL4#2I00-]`WT#?P+&!HH&B@:*IIJ)I
M&JSR8/O00]%`T4#1((*OH&^@;ZIMKZ!8[.#HGG]
L(JS$LMCQS:;S)J^\*\

I:7L%0_?_L76MOVS@6_3P#S'\@@BF0`1Q7

N
M[T@$&@F-A$863R




E6.I0AYZ(YG;I=O;E@ET'4^FRGF.]RGG@
M'AJG3
TK3L5:5#


MS6/KWR.V_'&`X)*6B3!CB?YN!M3%DF^WJ1P.`F^8UO-%3,Q&9^MZS&0U[:


M#[[-1J8HWZMJK6[;W+MJ11G?O-T\O/G37^XL'2-Z78.[3:O
SI?^1.WO]7


M-ZMNN(A@$=
G3)^R$M(#'S!YVN*!J!OK(UJW?2):PW`.YUI@QE1()U4=BME-
ROCLC0_O:FI_%Z.W1U:5^
M]_/]I_7ET=




%`HU%:X^^-B;-=E5D'+V
27()&!)F&RD
7=;
MF9:A?
MJ



SKKN5I
J]^OWEJ]5O=CKF47D[[F3F]6NT]I[SJ[3O%%OI7ZO[M.R4;


/P`
S8/LH?JRX

M/9JT#

MVWUGP]NS^SY$NHE&O]M3M!2$`DZB

M)70`.@`=V&;2T+?
10.8
NM^S39Y8EO5_1KV3&\H
9TLPUN

JOV




X8FZ!JA:A:AC$`T\\ZY77

GFW#/%C.O9ZV&TSYM=O9FN%+@*.^8`PH&!8.%?/%T:?:
M;:O7`$J!/:0G@;Q!WHHF;TZC?]K/*X4M`C0H&!0,I:S@NG3_\R]H`D%@X)!
MP:!@I7W#'%-
R!OD#?)6%'ES&J?MW'+XUC5`RSS:?!EQZO[&ZS=\?O




MZY_9_?

W2GZ1/@DPJUC;]7LM8
'=
=J;.2)]%

P/:O.V=<EDO^
M5H092_1W
Z`NEGR[35WV(/&:3V?`A6QB\!7\42$['S;5W0!/4!O5^C]6U(`
M+3QV14&R8K^'03P%\H\/2#OS(WD=\$^QA&5D($/V`%V^_UH?S.(P$O]#M




M.]@-!Z$7A




SP`RM^BD-WS)5@

M/8)-
`_

D1BT*@O&--\`J\`J_`*_#*H+DL@Q
V\`E\
MJCN?:+IE;.\AIEL[+X04:%TR)R
F7V]%TJ1!X`W3BLZYQWU7--@7
8W$9!




=?*DQ7^!'P`OP`GZD

@E?@%7@%7H%7
M)L-#I]WL(SY$?%A

M%S&-Q&0@0M:R&LRQ[

E@5



M1IP#_CSS%8?.A0LP-TB[)BO_$N9H@H:M*]]GKF3K:$=P5U05UX5WA74!04

MMQNM7MM@HK_';%
4-.0=/R!
@-1`:O+
M!CJ3PSY`V$!D(#H=E4KM6PN@Z6:9ZSE_%EQ*F'FZ[?6\



M.9)Z-)A/?^=4-%)-=DWE+H()`6U&-_&'L4OWY^QFT:K
?LMO
9DEXI'\+I+B



MK
1*2Z-0^$-J'-UW




D`FG!&VFY;EADC_)9*V_I($28&7-'H




1(&D+34.JO

8X&

M2T
OD]A

M=+8H*ZF!
2&

M(



O6B

CFAL24#Q/^#=+.M/
0L83
M33@OT$M51
QT4!Z4F
R`I+A3YH#7

'E(AB_XW2

F7'DO0L=

M;:VA4&XH!ZF4?`PBL2RKK?;0XE/Z)G
2\?.;&SVATB.9S
HI$A@*';)NN)[N




M^5
'P^]7@^%

7[MGQ6ZOB](G?+HYN`0^`P+QP:

E=UI]\T-G


D@!Y&]J=\922(IL]M7=:#0:!NQY6Q5@P2;8U)I'*:CA*M`$


?X^0#_8'^0']
6D1B


M.)UVB8ZU'A0.`#WS%3[H#QW-[`6]UY:X_@WPR(




M%U;Z15SF^]DQ'T]:)^JS@
==?M[R3J[YC

6?XLDS
MH`6//IW'[/WRCP\/&5S?5#Z!L^:XO35GMT
.2-W
QY/^\


X='(I7(!'KM@\8;
QB]8R[;0:



#I


M9RP6CR_7^*K(2P1;
N:ZY0EG


/ESZ^I+DP`6X5!P71U]7:5
&O8['.A[:S9T[]X$'\%!Y'K`P%SF]
M`V1[/J7!C4SG$8]-6!1E/3QEN\YXJ[J#'Z)6063-&2HCV30;#9Z[*J@]:I



MOOPX7WUR/KPE

8MNN9!*IKJQU.F%


MFM`;RH

MQ/

6\B]P3++;7`-?`


P]+)WGZ-C.LUEYN]UY

I*G%)#Z
M<:A4&6RN7+IXIH16UWUGM$HE@HZXX%0\9R*QE

?_(;
PCQ





36T;='CDO4IZ'76R/Y]QA!PS`LM%4-BY%[8`

/SBW




WG#&2
MT)]

M\SKH=PD@`$0QB3L$5
EXKBT-6YA88KFO]9_5*WZ4:=L_Q_U%VI3D)]02@-


-?;D_-U*';*W+7I!8':)D1C

M==P5$%::@DO1T2




2SXGZ^G8'!!``PGH@$#F!W`!

S&CTAWBL=_)_64*H]Z]%G
BJ.53+/9]3'C:'NBL
M?$[9(A#M]6/580M3HD`,B,%]@2VP92%;3@^5J&`+;$T!&)`S#K$X+Z*SCM6








M2Z/H?A)&=S3R8I+(25]Y'IW/H_`GG]&$^??DD2P/
D_#;?4+AUR)W$VY.Q5/

W&Y


\


*S=W.U?@1EK
:

MQ^=_2%&(KP

F])C*=R-7

M`7YO7C6E61;VDM.(
W64KGAZ2U;WL*`BV3(

^FY*;D2(D@A7IIYFPB=BH#1GD2OC


9)+/\@H:N7IEI*50HF\=8@E[IZ'ZE.:OD@'@N(15R+GZ3C3



2OIJ-\3(P;?

QWG$OF8H_Q?O



/W-R_.P`_GK*AJR

MI=.RZYSJ+[+889'DRYD01B&
VJ%67F

M+IMJ4-












$IA61O(S




TW
MEC9ZRJBW_NU%E`DFW74A_9WY0D3S9E0=QD?B_?'_?RE9:?AB`9QYOEXD/UR
M]J3K4QM2M[)F7GRFKL^C5(KP@O5$![]W_E;2-V.2GZFDKY18;U0F&
Y0-D

)@M?^-/;-#$9!LJ_)'=A&H?O;Q.WF[M'-C&UY?L;Q7;W\L*Y




8806I4+E'



MH*YUP84I8C2B/8LYJR(:0JFV5!JB32!6?]G;)\H4;8.M@:U!4Z=7B+#??#KD

4

XKZO3%U4^SK.(.WN]5W7@





WX7$L]U)^](R'_%BZVX:62Y$X[8*C

E




;&6CWMO66.N@1Y![\D9=?;?GM/J:YLWBJ?9
M5L1-(C1&]1YSADI=.E7'=6E8[BZ])K:1+RI
=+;9-
P\6JC9KG]MMHBVFS]


0GZYWC5_$^

+6HV\Y'J311-D^J?UY#(O%(
M_%:?CCC]+=

M^T
NU!W4RZ,SQWW?3(6MHE-607MLH;7]OL%XWT:EOYS#P+ZM.&WLY((=_=
M'N$$VH








M53D2

MU4*$#8RH+IKB'4O%^?WJ[&U:4/1KZ'LS&I`K@5=VKOC'1Y5%ZY/7A4C_5W(L







+)'V1Z9VES-;4[96ONPH
MLZL:
/]7M1D\PB<M)6
]369[LSG7E`


H7^_OHOE@Z^N^R@2LN*
MM$T5Z'Q?JZJHB1@W%'(P03+T%KD.MS*?GSK\4260KV7+D'-M:\]3*

M4\2J


MF3
1US;2%(4L







8J


M9OZ]YZ*Y=-U(+BV_#)6%VBQDXC!=?

MI7ZWW/EFF9



MI[EZO


0!C=+['J=%IO7^1B)E\/7YV:KJR?


[.=$A;

M3/]Y*_=.Z=SW=^!^HS);%IC(V:MD'8IDP7PZ@Y6:QJ5*+$4Q65];_9S4
IHL



^]/D6QS!=\61::

M/&7AZM%JIZXDM/6FZEMJU7\[TJ.N)L7!6+Y./M6G:D).N:J)K*PZ_P6!









3!GUD[2;L+@KME[0^#9U2.)DU5A7

FD/G



MQC5:6ZZ1O[=TXFZCG




N


MI/5EO7-X
4
MZP!J(U^)?&5QG@8\@`?P8#$/77T9-_``'BK`@[8T655XP-3.
MT[+][LNNG


L`P:&!?0CN1F
PIWZ=E2`W']J?MIK:N


RK24OU
-LR3?5V3*]/-3(9VLF!NS&QX$XL;UU\V]NH*UE,4-LTT
M=#5V(C#E1;YVOL`\4V&6?841J)@1Z+31=`Y&`$:@UD:@@$[?IKQ/V`+8`M@

M';PH?C12'4&_BV-/;NJ/NW#U['1?0`EI`V@A70W$@!@0LPDQS`@5OVVV
R`-YR*1CL@J(`3$[$<-DU?/=+0_=#WIW

M9_'$3


%!XZ!QT#@K


]#X;9=



MFY7)IAU:!ZV#UD'K#)0DM`Y:5[(D
5OX^GZ1KKN8+7R:B(]ANC@PG
TC-F5!




MYO%DGQ)1;6M%J]

R



M(S2.%[-YPL



M3IZ^C7KK35Z]D^^[#@//:4`]3H/BAH+6

RCREY?9ATNW69;



[$.^O.]78^N)XR0EUW
5OX
M8LCD;5F43]A/
)
M''C)\]7`BM$7+%YPF9C%I%.JT':+:=':.`]_KK;).JV;FXB=B







M4
-1-%C3BU=^&*-;\[.B:S5'&#@A)V&.*ZL26MI<


M81SOV0YGKR'/XO!JS,DRFU.H&UH=*CP3%%#94L\(5`%(@42!J!*(:IZ5K
MCR82CQ^^:F@*4^Q`$@O7RC4P72Q@1V()BU=K;@.T!1FFO$?8`-@`V(`]'GJ`
M)A952Z@_M!C+W47D5B)'MQZFM%W+]4WMB&Q%R[D_B:[-DXU6L304^BI#2*&


MWYM7S72'T4



MK5O[EEMU
RCREY?9B$N0W32`B[`

P


M$:(SAH(C31#

-BPE?;;Y%P+'X[K1:+UONE

V94'
;QDY_2V













!TQ52!;=



?

#0P-`4OJ=!MZEM44

M



M*C0D:C4[VH9$KY5:M8=


PRI:!C=DDC!A)Z$\B-(*Y2:PO=ME0RRW[[+Z:
MW4K44N\J)1MJJCM-?9TX7Y*+*9J`7%?A803
#
S
1H:PJW&-&.P
[`SL#.S
MMD2H
RHQH*E'QC



^BW&:[$(NNUEE#:[B!A'#.L+$K\]H(@9Z`4L(
M=9

M%
[$]=S%;.&KZV\;1:I?X8$X7?[Z7-Q_Z'%WU8-+_9JWB(3T2+OE]



M]C3=K]Q*;1T=J[N7-ZV-O79;VZW*U*2@@RQO\FU#SRUV1MINT6/C)/?N-=V@





MJPNGK\QEOI\=\_&D=:(^QW/J+C]OT8IK/A/



4;!
M+$L*(U`Q(U!`_TM3WB=L`6P!;`$`A@!&`$8@9V-0`?['\$(P`C4V@A@5`!;




L



3?LO\^P;QFNP%A3


M/!;CSS2\UV:V!B::+4W$5L?T:+4]CQ.YK[0]*UU=CCR%0J^

0D3(3!BEETRUV6
M_4
BC*&X&75';CB;AP&3`85\ULS`F14A%IU%V?:;#ZZ\D;1N+2^395[DY_Q/

M'TT%W'$OF;X?C9K]UJ@SZ+U9YD9=H59T'K/WRS\^/$QGKF\MOS9BE1(=;EWU

M8R


:?W
S5I)OWGLH)@PD3
)'WK8AQS




%\&:**
%][F]M0W6[=0;F^;+$%6$^=K#
M?.EKMVVUSL!\P7P9HHHP7Q@\PGS!?%FJBC!?NZ_`ZV'TJ
=^65(R6Z0(OR7B









MXL!T(*U&[).=I/L[N159RR9AEZ37*39GF


\C%9)*G%E81]%
!;$
MU$V_51NKZ;$#(UTC5'VFR=&5F'JHWJL866B3B&:E'H23]SNF^5\_UMAA%+.1

M]@N[MT


!H#BO.T+/
M2(R(

7NYM`XOIS'H##!-A4$9F
@Q
MX;0=3%1A7+:[;

M8MQFD^L$;OMX4ACFUBPBW%=R275FSK7$3KGA0NY%S;2L]*5$_O*B7]0BDB
M\N]T.AKG]U^2C2G:@.$R3`U
3:FF9MAQFB


M)..2Y0;9
^.\
.P7[-=AHD(/I)H5D:





F8(/P;*?LT:$
MC

M(V3$%-/6
1N]I=Q7S:R34-S:;!8&))[2B$U#WV
1)ID4AT[+:?9UY]&JS9MY



4V2\4DM?1NWO:1K-BR6/&TW6UWD7#!-=V37#SM4;SO4:G:U
MQ4?&O_JBAQ(P-#`T




M1@G1&
%!$Z&)9@@.F@A--$-PT

T
MRCCY0'^@/]`?Z`_TQT#YV)YCJ_Q6UZ@^MK-WQX-T*BJ#NFH[LU6)IZ6YIN




YKP
+@6


MA8MQ


[
MGDS5MZY0F7#&(O&4+!9W*Q`2-YY

W(9<2$8*+&X^4HH[H3Z)N$PXF8C3*`_$#ZI+K$1Z











E/
5KY`

HC:F6AF]3#NQ61;\R

;E0';O&8*EVP''1)


0'M&31

#A/@:)EP


&
P8Q9
MKHHP8S!C
&
P8Y:K(LP8S-BQS)B&F=.6[9FR\RF-;M16)%EUSR&YW
IM_M/6







ZQI`F





M1R(6)]'31:1N-VL&/:8_!J_[,&(5D_F#7[)53EF_+JD2^K4*!@O+;!T&P8

M-)K]B9OSQ6SATX3?


R!7UGT]D[O%`:DW4EB=27_%`^`1A2+N:UTW]8#Y-
MTAJ19


&&


4]+?JAS^%
M/&8-\L6CT]R!:[/0;F=';]R8O($S\1HBX2II(-Q@+!XECK5HT!/1R-\7
8VG


MENC]NA\</ZIU1OTG;-AO^=\_GSA##K][J=^[^1O#V+
_-N^YC
A



3L\-A'YQ0=S&@1
QF!8GOVV2\^S&'O^&-``W3%A[\=V]8&$V





VYP

JJ/EJ\:8?(P^#;Y+@;:?_JZWU;9W5&O4]G@\Y%NW?6/^\


+-7F]5
M';8P`P/$@!C<%]@6S:RU=(W#`-;8`ML(30$8D`
[LL\ME#XMN6\'XSZA!96



M6P9;!EM6EWK::QR@F#*8



MGS^WAV?.L'79'WYNCSX/+KL7)W][\/[R[^*:SUA



MKR`;;:VCV&&^7MW+QY/^X






Z#)J'X-)N%`48X



I


MMU_%7RP@G\)[*!P4K@2%^SMWIY3YY'
8[E[#C$FIIS7TG


M;(&M0LH'^NB%+;`5B%L];#FNN!A6+5&6U\-YPQDM?)%H-O)V0#H/Z3RD

..9_7M@\6^/$:N6'^A;!
M9:]OJA!;Z`H*ML!6
7.KHQ+6CX(ML%5#MIQ!KSD`7$4.PZHUVKI8;LX@9X!H


MA`8W?.RS`JOJ[


!B`$Q()9;
MFX#`L-BA6+5&7.=9#X5Y*)XU#$@X(7XH'X9%
^*Q

\4+@



M1B7

U@[:.MK;$%5SV8

FVW@
M`ER`RZZX:-L_`K@`EZKC
ACIR_C5@Q=

3?2B0$Q


U?).W[$3GT/-:
M9?\@'M#*![0DKV]<++:ZW<XKI^,*D.7S?M,5UII%.4F,#A.@/$U]NDL-_CCT
MO?0Z9TFR/9IPPYE@[(=JFS_(Z*U9!IS#PH'A2M#X;Y_/3]@1(`2\0?GG=-X

&
P8S!C
&




MI3*K4]LE[+-MBE(@[6*!:ZH.6OT2-O

MM)H#\(!$W*ZR_34
O3ON^QBQ/-OX%T5Q2`:8Y):J@];`T;@9M@6V!K=5YW

M!U+FT6.OT[(1%VWC




I&M=5V:TS



M'[Y';$ZY1]C/.0MB%JLRCGC33BV`,S-U6D+DU1`*0?S'%#%O*@K?0&/(`'
MZWGHZ^L



MI7'!#&PD;.31;&1[J+$A+FPD;1LI`FZANIT48VG
&@V3N^1*W0O-=:R=QP


MB4]^Z/[QM__ZS__XZ^

MI\ZGWIGS^?.%
[B\.&\YSLG?'KRNO.BO^8S%YN[(S_&7W:
N=.]X4(WDV9

^N4^_XH$P_\)F=L4Q6A
+4T9.QZD`WY)Y%-Z*



]
A%34/V;0;$JPH6WB
ML[AGUC]#V1OIFYXTY47*\U!%?SS7#2-@F1%HZ5L
:LI[A`V`#8`-V..A=?8W

M7;5-*U:7PNJ
U?I#C5W-#Y5:58`%FV!3:QY%VW8Y0!-H`DV-:/8UYCCKSJ:E
M.5=(EQNSE/(I8Z%G&;IS[&R0?Z`_V!_IBTB
2@(-3TU24UG%8_=9R^QDZ:
M]=Z-QR(4S3)L-65OV

@%:76OO@=-HE.M9Z4`C@`-PS4^V%[80(

\74#8H:SNXC
%-T


[%
9W
M]P?

)I1?\
1./*8U865=2`N\_WLF(\GK1/U69@^




MY[4T=N0%6D`+:#V0T[#MM(O7
`&Q&J(F#/4MYU[Y=EL=76'(?+^*UL&QLW
M2
#VZ0^V


E0R(:B6@C
MO59U$.N





MGW

M`=76V%H=0`&HV@.EL5

F0%6Z
*33UY?Y




&%*!X@!,2`&Q(8





/`$GNK.4Q$#*W`%KNK.5;^#@53=BSHV[J#3%U?3)&WU\8ZI




MLV(#M(+&N-LE?;Z((MG
YS=.Q]SGR8&-?

MCYGR@?Y`?[0/@XP9^;QFQ873UCS
7`;B\U()0Q(.%^*!^/13/BL7%R3&R-

G&#,W/;&(7O/2[O?T;3MNBNH?9:1N4)ZPW'\%[GQ@UGXG[N
M21`FK-#!/+;MJG,.S2(([75B0`R(`3$@MEM#8(U[#@$MH`6TUKF,,MAC@/D

MBU@0!:+T$3746`$+H`!4W8$J8N@%KL!5W;GJM$=%;=M77:(J70A2UJ;+FEIT



B&[8&6
)3?+80WJJ.




T6*3!5=Z:<WK\9J(`E&5)^JTW^AT.N75
MJR&7`N1JCAP&6ZB[


MD]:)^BQ4S%U^WB*[:SYC

M3


C:


4R;CY`/]

MEA4/W;FV59EES!P5

M68



KGR#_;G@M]27PPNCIK8


M



$;)_V8#OS9AU6@R'F&
M(D-?5`5D'1*?5:[9!!(@`$=EYW9Z^Q`&`


)/1G
4D/Z^!J#UKL.]SP@U5&(@`CIP`2[`
M!;@`%^`7(+6G!@86FL;E!V;RZQ





U4AO?5/\-'B0TN.%CGV4M.%!_@0ZDNA(HC_G:WK.4-\6

M&BVG5T)O%.4I&BG9!!K]GJKZN%.1T@!L2`&!`#8O8B=EI6E/A85?85#?HK


MAE`8_0.8B@

MI

MT:&%03;/N)@#Y@SF[)59\
9PJ'

YBS(YFS;K=35-(4Q@S&#
8
MQJS$.KQ^8S!PBII4/41J*-2#M8.U@[4K)K$VZ!AA[$S1GZ/

!S?E$W35+\S

:E+8;PVN9`35']HXS4
M#<H3ECN$_R*7U;CA3-S//0GA!4ZF
=N777.H5D$H;U.#(@!
2`&Q';K`JQO








M7T`







MT+RBAQ`&F5SCPAU825C)8UG)?F

ME``;1L)&PD;:;V-/.TW!@-'8]NF5XL4DPPPHCB
*(6&=%!8]`QPH9:H7D:

E.7R
M[[_^LHC?W5`Z?W_E3IFW\-FWR7D8,\5,^\3]6G@LJLI8\FU5*AK\2?_-#]




^_
M??O?JX.?ZX$C'`I'N/NCYBZ\$=6TEE?A4GG3S_E?#L)H1OT-I^S(8U875K:6
MN
SWLV
^GK1.U&?A2-SEY_W5=$:C&QZD-TD72;C\(@U
U3=WW$NFXF@AF\S%
M??ETWG,WB__^/#09:WO.U]ALY2:6VM&MFA2$'=S

#E7^*,)E<E?O


J%0)E
4R;C

6$%G!0[Y'X2V7

3?CMOGMTE*[`
OK4$^=7J^\[8Q0R?\*V9IC<HT+!F`_83^/5





`2$DZ(


51I=T9P)?NY$LQ&
M/BW$
W%C*D%`DI#
HW`NA+%/O[B=6=



@``2`R
[KZ$OQ@0?P

MG=U



MA`.J
!$M?3V.P0-XL)X'3
JPARDA3`D!,2`&Q(8O8B5$T`+L!50[C@OU#:<(`(O[*$S.G]C`5)39A
M1'B0L
@-9^)V[DG$;D-?B*$0]

M%$Z]LR3P=#7&K0B']X*

MR7;C#AQY-=TIDG
:3\GO
?



51F@*'.VVS,SN-XH3:GR?$#^4SL6A&/#9.#M'%RO5
=!K#

#8`@MMCSQV=\/9+`S$]4+W

M!L2`&!`#8D`


FSE=9-@/UGD\EAUDTAK).@=C3RTC7B^B4M/


M3B
FKN'2.4_$#_Z;)CP

R\/$G%TB'+1@R3

C`.-GT!+L!E1W'TVWU]


3?LL3


M^4$31L[5WS$)@S2K1`


VK6^%G/-0!%IX4
E6PL;89$Y
MJ*XK!]R`&W`#;IOA/FV7EW_66VIAA2E`'0:8-XYY.'0X=
!=4;CAT
UPZ)94

EA64#DH'I;-5D%`Z

MM#CG5QFXG*[&15E@VR!K=5YHV8;:`$MH%5$G]UN3'A0=-)IA)$A@5\AP


&REV'?4+'4
8



MD.EI+'




YYVVAI+

2341_3UF'N$!^1+<LC@1/TC.W(3?\J2@VI&7U/$0P6?7
ME$<\ON#1]TAV.AJ[UNPHO;V<[N[BJX)'AN,%K$_`VFYUFWV@E2!JO&HCOH:



HGT7




MYD*P@4J()#2XX6.?+?]Q$?`D1NW#
S5'G:&^+4Q


M$T=`#(@!
2`&Q(`8$`-B0`R#L*


/('L=DWVX.


(C\=)Q

)FB`D4[*OBCG/1[F/':@`!(-9`C`;-'H@`
M$2!BF=7NM#O-@6Y5J7?R&L!4&!B,-5#?<(!LO[*$1,QE?)XL-\4($A;)C3!H
M<_^Z3;TA801D,:#9EJZ[P8$`-B0`R([3;D:NG;2PUE1`/Y.TJIS+`
X4A
M.#6@A;C1:

M5\MTK[EW*VP!)N8!O7'0RT4]I87O\.7`&EB7XLO;[9;&CB1PYG#FH-YXZN70


M](_+/Q?\EOJR5ZTMJ75S:3_MZUM[O*ODX

AB@5)@3
M0!_P'<7A./KFWTS1?*3D`<3A0.AS'^`!/%C/PVE;7QDSXBG@4G5<G$Y'7T15
M#V!LGUDM4HA/#O<;Y!.[X4$@;EN6_?]3^/8B`QU/<]QE^R
'`/6WYJB=T7'



MB[!DB170:_;+VI1\!:Q6:%%10\L$(7`?L%^Z2HAZ14U[(+Y@OF^8+Y*M9\

%\%9OT[A2U=\(S4JMQ7PP8-P.-FRE:9)3]
L9$M?O#HDK-
MMDC&%%W0F



8M/ZW]$[6


M56
=L!#;^BK3SL`U@I6*)T\#SU1#,R5PC[/A:X!G)8WNZ4=FL=#0,I6J



MNMI(-K]]['I365VM_EY+]B&OX56M*XMNZ%'B/E4'.6`K]AA`=8N!3KAJJ`Z:


3'/&(3%D5,BB-T_VB0@7R^]4Q


PP^!!O4%9MK)&^[(@HH2U#%5*
MO;4T[N]2[\R;13S:Z^RJ@QXFECQ!
2`&!`#8D`
B`$Q((8QFHF)E(KF2R9A

Z


M3K&7/]TI#6X8^4$31L[5WS$)@S2M1`


M'92N7$&B1FK--7'N_0MC4/?6R\V^1*X$:,Q([SLH'*+`KK=)WFH/4EP%:
MA)R?*3ZB/G`YS1'0`EI`V@!+:!E5JG942$!TTFF0(DD!`7C&#L8[&91=5
M=VN63

8

&4P93!EY9FRPH:B
&4P93!E
&66



Y50A

M'W]]YO0O@1O.V!

9M3?


M:/CTWG,WB__^/#0T*SO.S]MN)Y\;FV=MYAYE'=S


MV%S$DF
6D4ZK063

M3ZG&Z&L8O(
J5565C)




MUC-`73`7;(W?JPQB3J



)O&6$_Y[+)^CXK


M1ULF[5AF:)F1?LT@VBUU]G5!\UVI]D'FV`3;)K'9DMC@W2@32!ILE)%R`*
M1(&HQLBVIV^Y2NW9M+2^8^



B7P`UGC%S3G\7L
M$EJ=K.)I9S#0V!\`$]*64&JQDZP

MV1(@!L2`6*Y*N#\H(3:LQ[`






?K6$?KFA8NQSUX%


M@RV#+;*A9@RF#*8


GSN[]P#

MIY_SOQR$T8SZ&YKFR&-6%U9O@;C
][-C/IZT3M1GH4ON\O
6V5WS&8O)5W9'

M:
D


-+6X@D*


&$V:(


MKZHPD!TG;X^EP,B0(3U1+3;^K8\`1``PGH@ACX@PMP83T7W=X(@PDM@W*#

^?)G-*8]F+%BU



K(EG)<TB@0=QR3

M




VO
6UOC?I\UF7D!3^#I&9Y*

M4



(




M]Y/7^-F*A=^8

&@<*HHW&7@S_R0I'X4


6X
K3Z4
;B@
M


MFKT=5&NU6U#M[21Z9*M?D9$J&E-U6`3WH
6XZ@_-K@E$`5%`E#1$5=5=(`





!WMHR\M&`!%`



MG!BW=!+%U/@4NM&


K*MKL.H%1UZD.A7&.U91\BUY&2'\;Q+0WIQ$]_
MJK0$I#7[U(X=4X$6#'OYIJHHIS3W4R$PZVM%VP-=1^).MM;O
04V@4V99M64
MV





M3[(L)
A1Z?GN+E:S_7*4GIC-WW#9?##7N6LR!R__CU
M+W_^T\]/#[Z@M^FG,$GCC!^2+'_.='D<OA&)[\<75W8IM7_9^^WFXLCP_?8
M%\1-3\X&9^?#R[/^T.J-+-/N]9W+




P.7N_B\NTSN?2^=?AB/NP-S[`S[[Q;0


Y

*FB`E5;;!AF(*)=B$0_9+!

XN
?;V?0L;TY=PX)AP
M]!!4JF2[`*YV@@M1U
?AU'4/TCL3KE%VV6+58,=1E,BME1Y_PBAU#%#VB$

!$F
MU5@O[1$9#GH2I-S6$[$560H:MJH/$K/40TQI/NX93&Z)
I1%G];BI(871Z

[)







P



`*+G`!7





'
-!H3
O&H[C`[@TF*X]$:P'P`$

L5-'\M]J/IE4_RI3M_Y`@$T
I#!(P
MA)+0I57@J$7I:K

J#D`4$(5Q50;0
*Y`

4QA4EDO7)*B^1+*H@-Q=)'@+.VJ&V;\D;

FL_:PMC`.@`*C&
M`ZK.3=]P`&WEL/-'M87?ZFG+?:+]UK4Q_#;TK%::SA7&Y/SK=!T:ES:M
K
M`M5-B






MP









SDF=#`!@`IN&`
M&0_1!!.``!6%L3JF&8?D]IA0P9K:

M`H9@$KJTIRU)[-];)E=1Q8^WRRV9@-;(PSK:R+;`UVL&V/=&!!5&J*PKKN


MM
]AVN=%V6U`WX1.Y9?`_EJ;^%Y54?D@KB#1.QK+V_ZUO\A4T9ZJ_7F%:$TY
`Z<!VX3A6NLVRS




M+Y


MO?$M8E=^]N65#@_\D)Y







M_JT\H\EZ494BO`QI?/=@3+(TB^7U`0$/JR8?/1
;T*
&3W!E+K&T'7:J0*%J


XLW\T$^8)O(]:4P[YS1
)+;

Q'=^F-\D



-JNM!NE?:
I<*PE!J4Y@9'+2U%

M+C$RX7W_S6F

2-CWA%-JH`K&HW'7AJ,9ZJ
M(J!*^J[;BG6I=
TWET`?!07`07`


^T`

M'^950!M5U4;




03$`+$60@S6

M7R87[#:_D]3_3C^%21IG
QJFR:?P.B4IY?_^
KGR0Q*Z/@F^1HG/.\/R[L^B
M^?
<6+;Y[C$Z1_,?3P:,/)Z4
MLL5EUHBW5=-6[#=.6QF,:AZ!4??UZCX.SX<))@HL&V+PF_
-S`H






M;Y;'.1(G?@(0`(3^@)#8-+PI@-`])U+IE-O)A+JI$4V
F\M_





F`HP`(\#X%C`Z\OI9
M`HQ-R%`_T[?:.GS?:HVWF2DE1&4$!TV$)JHA.&ABFS41&:J/9\^V&'.CV2P*
MY8Y0K<3)5D64\J8[;RLE'4:G'=M=IZ*$^PN2P?S%EL?]H'0T!H-C;LF:`@T

/XW%W8(Z=8?_=
M`H4
1`&9)_3#XA\?'P-G=6OE_



I9


7M1QB0*&!N^
L`:JV6/


THM1#S&XL[C$MF



MJO&I!D`
$-O%N-DP;FCX)DM6URG?`K9J




MKC27&
A%YO-E67U:[F




Q6G\D!%Q_KE\





\==B
MD)@:8<2G?1;'3:*`,1<_4&A]^411F^7RQ827^



M0?5:HWK_\)D#30/CBCG)B?$W%N[-H7G0O!HT[U2

M6DXENENMF+??3:X#(^BBL


M7



MT&+`H

M$FK






R.89O6+DF`Y0

MRP*24L_PUWM@TDJZ8+9HY/?`'-=7R]?RS5D:P5DY)P#85:&X'3N7`5%`]$!-
M16%=`5U`%]85UA40!41%\-JKL4U!R\TKZMM*]6TA35'=UM8
MM6QQB:J6NK0

4`
M$%O9KQ'


#+1V!LL`!9H-0O8_1Z&_8`%P`*M9@&G
QQB




MD

MU=6%-1S:_:LKZ^C71^^C+-L;?T83XS.]-[Y%



M0.(!K45;SP-]&XW&P0/@@9;S@&U9\NKV57F7X`'P`'A@)QYPS#%X0$K.0*'4
M5:4MGOC@0F











MM`X]Z_AQZ%F'M.`V75M&\D;




;?@=X`AP!#CB^86XD;1BWW9P!);'7Q_F
'T/N5;#C;^?L._?WZ?)2=WA
P_
M7+M3ZF4!_3+Y9T;BE

MYS_]_/0
WVB2QIF;9C$3[&GH?:


MZ&64!7OCSVAB?*;WQK=H1IXGO-+A@1_2DV)^JF6;[Q[KQHCI1NE]_YXEJ3]Y
MV.;

U-4=_%Y






M


I2HQM5CUHHI

M[88M[F-3Z*;C+*=KR\*8*F^Z:F




Y+7I%/Y5_]6HGG[
IK^B9OS
M;)8%)/6_4\

@

M$``$`+$*08;=$0`A(=)HR]KQ-SHC?L@7BFM9/T89-



M321-^SY+4

WYA_:EPRE\5;



!Q;DF]17.6Y0






MDDKH*EA28M5;QW1Z8



-E^&%*PCO_-J`8.ODR\DR

^
`@\M



=R*.

$%G<?4]0FOSQ=]
M#LDL8H_^'[)OP;X:



;=XVV3''IPJ(:O&9(R5DA7TGH%O3J@K#0UCNHHV%#M4<4N#5
:EYY[O)^X
M^&'BTY

M&

[+Q-$EHFG0

M!X



M:XAZ((E5X

T#:CW#]&L\\CP/79.



MWJJH1+\K/2C
Z77-
0A
!H%I$M16*4+AS;WB!5?
7
H@R[:'G:$E#5NJO.*J


MJ(JZ59U?5`BU^EJ]YH1O/;/;&R)\V]U.2B@_EU$ZKD59^CE)IL]5I5^:=O_B
MZF+4/W-


ZUIQ:PUYG8
E;U&EUU:E&


$


M+02R?9`

E&73+[1&?%#]IJ5O+MS]FW
0OKLE='*A[J_&QK/##\T?J
DAN
$
MQZD6-KF[B^D=2=7DDT\
L'Z8^*Z2=R?V+NZ12L62XZ/COF1IDI*0WQWV+
HN



M12/]IHY/K9WK#%P`%TB[0CZ*.[?P8?4+I:I-2\_]N+[&D
U

CY&;5


MDO3_;3[?V8



TI=T;9O*VDDQ4(Q#




MU*^^2A)S

[CE.?L%11'V3_
MU/'7M7/+G5YW*&W'-Q#1&D0H)I]*
3+H]J1M[8'J*+/TKNX^?9V\KD$7V]YD






MH+$R`NZM-50C9=2

Q'?Y[

0.;XP2H7X




[L!(
MIY3]UX\]X]\9B5/N14R





M

W
MS0-PWE@Y3#B!LE]S+X/=:'XF8TH#[J7$1D(VC'N&-;]E?^2=Q'P/R:DL)D



*8OK;REEPO.X/N:=JH5^YLD%-XMC?GI^/NX8)NR#2#QU




MY--1C'FDDN'3S=W[B2@*F2?(M#GBR6N^]
/
*LW]6TEL
^AUGW;1/.#[_*L]

1-?.L2;*((9F+)3(-/)0T
<W;6Z47%K);Y!]$`!(DT7.KY5WC<Y3RA7J2EA?'3YED1
4$%_HS
M:8FDO%Y.?_#L+8]X5D=.XRB[FRZ7
1@U_SOSD^*OQPFE^;7[/Q4G+L[`'S*
MPI
9X_64Q`^&6)]G








MY;4-3+.63!DZ$JLR5'_W8!HP#9CF4$PC

MU9E:(XG%1$WA$U!'BQ%A6_(V#0

MIX9&!.W8(@7FTHVY#@P](`_(`_(.D+61V/HR6$$MU/#M?0L;)I_0EZEL2:

^;]'%][:P`*`J\8R8:D;U]3/NK'/J4$=:A6^082;$K


Y\6.11(PFQET4




F/


M`P^!A\!#X*$]%JCM&KTA553AX%%:



^&U


L`ZHE#=12H)J



3FR
M
#IZ3LIK&XBF?%S?0F4]B`9$`Z*IFFA&$I.UJK_ZJG*QR'-(BCSU#S!K:K^H
M7:&FU9
X!JLI?`+J:#$B^@/

.FF


M(``(`&(?%U27.F3EX*.

*458Q24J)KJ!:Z!VR

V[Q=LF._;@5`E9
M-29CK)2LH%?0*^C5`66EJ7%41\&&:H\J=FF8TKCTW./]Q




65]#U`-)K`(_OF/;


M_OWS^RPYN2-D_N&:WLUHF'ZC\XA)-;R[\!




S_3K\&)$R^
M2Z#^P=AAR%



2Q0:Y)[&7B(/^G?GI`_M!DL895[C$

M^'=&XI3&`;_]0J6-_+3L?@*?W/K!ZGQ=]KSL0/%D?K)Z8'9;#.?B2G
FJ\@S

MDY)RN27EZKY
Y3](_Y[RC@
M\DPZ!E.BKL^SXZZGT8

'?+2@L9;22
M
.40YYV2[]2XI91!




XZ-;X

MT^Q#8=16QZT



?=B




M^
KYW2=+0#8





7






MJ*#7_,V(&RVI1(EM$X.NXKKW5S<R-K/DBA@(:O[T+0$S2?F*X5<:3E%R$O`
R/'F
M(?I_T\`SKM@KOV8:+9]@UF^`@2^8]<O




U=Z+*?N=4\
9LQAV@_

M)URTN=NU*:7[VH*CLIO1BR37F[^99Q7*?!TMQ0!/T6W$N
#
E23F0_;9S[
MM@5OX6$(6


M(AS((MYFY+KP+CL\B=P]XJD;'N#PJ\T(+Z8*2^'*\L(;E@BB\.0N6N1$N.?-



-N\H/3$V6O:'OD@SU7OK(1=Y`A)P?


=6=R@+=JJ\_:H=`-CY!B/'F]:O&\Y(A#WOS!/
M?G-Y5A5@:DYW\Y',4?.M[UZN$-+TM53-`=?0ZFVH]0*X$X](\+KHF`3#B`[

J`B1(F

MMK!%V+5'XZJFS@&[B.NJ+ZFN9

M+#OGK#S$15



M]\:6FTZOD2TIF]YRLSW/9S?\^9K^_IKY?%C]?&/5@F6AY^WC+O0[R!%Z!CW;








JUCVT'IR;E


XV46GC3+868<T2D\]G3L?N#;K]V@2GA1Y5[7.`P<!@


M_)1=TLW/](VZG'')K1_XZ8

M3/TP(T'P8-#O)
A(2A/C?DKYW7V#9-8D3L+?BQF\V2E(0N^_N4?*=&Y+I9
M'%./_=IWI\:


M(W'*1


84+_)^ZA1*53Q*8B0
HDP'7



FUJQ`RNXWO


D%)/


M^`I:8:!?85UXINQ:*RZ0J
^6M:$

5^FO_8ZVE$))0E=)(%+
:T&[33&3O=1-9
M*+KXV3GS;+,9._Q,M(9@/O^=^*D\,]K;,(]41?[GXI(F(XD^=F;4G\JRN^_

S
JT-O*\

H/6Z1K4ER4W)0II)#9/=EN:82K?U0EK_\
MV-SK3-\W0E5*S0S2I(L%LN%B3&A02#6[AE;_YTO@*YJ()S%<G7IV*E/8[XV

BTS8^?5C]F

9-
+&D;7`^*97R^
LC\
M/RJJ7OCJ
0V3_#T$_J+







MR74@]A

MM


TRQF1/C#94'J`BPN24IO
B]L\R)V'-ARE[!/+_
MXGVY1944DZNH+B


M`7B)\.3$18OGSZ$@
%28+YX^G$4



S=]D/\JR7'S.[R0/A?
=)
MZ9(I^8.Y@?.`N



S%B!




64Y(N5EIXPB=/-?%SBYH5/V16S.?)C7(
MYEG,+DH%IL2:Y`M7Y(^XM+3BI*MT\0*C8FO8J9%OBQ426&23AF2V\!G9I09

26*8%[D0SB.T4#_P\J\
40SK\4OQ%\DV];*MYG






MV[3_0?+_/\WNF/?
_BF0^9E%AZ*2G__IEM[Y82A

M1?5)3


M(K_HKQA$^5(T$522L\)VC
0-F
A;$MZ`CKQ]O]!A=:/?#-UX0O)IWHNM6'W)
M%SF;\


M+/+1_Q#]+Y]-1TO)&/6[P[ZL5'`N])4SN$:QPA87


M9$'^#(]B]%)-1J5Y3=.157JY
:]IU)[7M&QIB4WML?Q0



5[Q:S]V-HPI[EAUMZ6
M](CR//VZ-S.(X[[11;7ULBU!WL2%N$5U!EVV2&%J&-

FU7\
MQ#O21&N'\#:*KI\N-Z0LMZOE.=%DL=$@WZTRXP7^_UF.TR%NRF(/O@HN6F%P


5M#1_+




SL5C2*
M$EO^1$_8]2E]?KZE]Q^^.R4T

M;\A]G%9@XL_GJYVM_:T)4VR3\O'O%R9^1WWKLC((N)=IMW^2[?3;GIW6JT

X]VH


B6%LVL?AO






Q_10E#L*%CT;Q(CH\3.Z55\\TKJL5IN:AAW+V_7/I(O



M)VJ*IW?F/PPORGCU\B)9@U1B=;)M?J[1VM3EH79Q:J%V$A
[\4&A(V_?V5;
MRG8;3A[M4EEM.CK+QP)?\ZG`JQW.^U4&9^?79S;_='9Z')X=FF?7EA7_7RG



JVIQK%JK_A4$<'E1,<
M-&X?P6D2G]:;MOU&[@T^#CCV29!/319SBG=CP&H70YK@P^E4F[U;'DMYU1Y


W
+]4QHA55]+UR)LCB46W+8=

+4?&&XP[6*%T[K#EF?0W1FP(Y




3G=NPDI@%)F7$CW
B1`-UBA?W_DS$
M4(BA5DD%B9U@F@((Q%[2/M3R*(G*E8E(U%TD9(?-#'F^_=]:8_#9XVQLPK!
ME$H&K#G8DM@#O?'00BRUX;C*-BUJ!Z7A&(EV1$V(FE:`L!`U-2UJ4@X^+PNN


#3
[D)_&AP)5VD(OM(P\:.PM%PXCY(TIJD?

M-::QP#2(WW:JD\KW
AHQ2:F1W)
Y*G)SDSV4MUU8E9==M66&`6XP(GHFBM01
M4[]M%Z-Q8@01?R`:SZH`57/J!*T^NE4@8E3)8#4(6[;$%;*F8PLQ$DIN5XO+
M$I&CRMM%4*2.C=$.$

:(W71
M57D1=P)+-#$CAR2^?R?2I:.6SZ_89___P^2T[N)E_N

M2^H;G?QR='5AFU;_G[W?;BZ.#-]C7Q`W/;%-QQX/K\8]R[QR!O;PRKP86U=7



ML=


M



$%`````@`06QY

34P.3

M

[U
M*T\,TB<9%@1[V?_2A[:]OK2O7TW+B\L)J&`_.,:WMI7EY$E0'[$8&_%GJ2;V
M28`?<@B!]XW4?YXUP-QTX?JV9-CZ[S[UM&P/TK$0]K-D-V40?+-I6=GI]+^



3-[_XU










MN*RK18`#D&!&7M:FU
O'AT`35%W;UA9-#Q`6^/C=K]4WI9IYRWESO?MZZ8/:

O:J(*?'-=

MTGZ-+&A


M.M!M^G&*BW^`$VW%





^







MC4@F

$.1'!+#$5&

R2G*=.\'1@`Q(_1Y]=M-^]-O3;_J
SQV


B.??%_[JLIG.0-^WY$KL_[FWA6]
M7Q=I025)J



M'
D4A
/&RLRI1&`Z=
(?V^2#3/78\D%4%
/TCY9!NZV_FJ!(4PV=GQ.(Y)0@


@F]


M
XP+EM!T8/\0YTJ+4.X05$4Q'*%'6FJ%)VR@*C)B:.)7F30Q817DZ7$N1

M@1ZB0$B6YG8?'!.5
&A]UN9QS

$$TA[$`YSHUSN$
)A*[G`
98I;'T]XG

E40X
MPSERF4LR0D!:.C!ZCA
NA?.1P&J*X1W%ZAMO@3\?K$%
0%U:`B8C4XM$B0

VG*76)\&OX&J
%))XV2..'@LDBD
MCPIZ.F085;F52MNA%Z+$N1
QG/G#:BF&-VRZX:K;*WI0%R[)64:X1A(KBH26





EJ-H5SF5%);A%7$#9D
C/(W[L*06C*%4YECI/.HR#C
M:



MV;!(GC22+J-XD2PK'V9!-UJUMK'3]A/
\!]/?K3D#%=XKL,G;`E93*)F23'*'89J%-(I*C4R&FJ<YZF4HFG
MI\C&O`HREEL^K]*CK#+=MJ]CY^_F^`!BF44&\'/]QD(?#K&-<=N@V_VYE&(

7VBIL!=^4VBZU\J0_#@F
A
M

M^EU=/XQAD3'


MLZ=/W2:R@DF1Y?+_V;NVYC9R8_V+N@KWRZ


6@\DVNP[I8[*&ISK[`TA.F<<)(

6LMW%Z$)S4!
MG5E(P3


MW


6Z8EB!(0.59













54NMX1P\D<6N(





WB[1V^K&[`\Z?'QO[2[QOY7/SN)_/_\;=W^9_9+^Y6
M`9R-WS8VHEM?.C*L#S:JT5\P-G@/[QD;KSL_][6)RR-W;OHNE






E0

1$!C!&S$)

Q8_

MB%Y9W3/8H#GK[K_)H^#4@G__NLYLO?'?-X`XBI
?&NH2MX0$35!$\1FIVPJ0
M'K43X8DJAD:95$\=KDU[SZ%X^@A`74*X/XHH=@]RNLBH8TD@E
2U
1N!2Q^`

TD.OEID0F1--@
M:8B'-GC

Z5RJ.7$F1Z322A@-*3*4_+Q/
M*`@J#C%1GUE



M^%2\`8T4Y[A]1B0TT%2(ICL0\S27[./-SV#XM2;R/9#W9SHIMS[T#')?
&
MKRM01!GP@J%^'\W:]!.\D(3TE!W;:+[G[_-H0#6JS_?53QXB=A_Z
AZK4QXQ

M1HGVZ[J?X5[RV#W
Z9BI-EX`$Q+U]YH`QY6GBE3Q'JEY0)?-=M@1@8GY:Y

155\1H*7(?]8.GX%%
S/X\ZRO






M*`^&$`\B)*D4T3*9@\$6H^G)




M*(=4K`!+I39%F9C%^3[PD1N.M;C+!@2P25#
0S.TI_);16I?4
SN4:Z86N_3
M:.`9EQA9%




/07]B[K?AZ:ST5&]B
KXP)#?

V*BFP!3V&NEK``3%)D^5H2)@S'__7D:Y?U

GF5?RXIQ

YMU164SJ%^^*



M2OH7U3G8ET?%MG)]SAW+-T[FM0]6A??2I(:+
YY?/P6*LBF+:[


L:

&]S-<G.M3

M87_
73^NJ[.!*-8'L)WHDT_#_[I1%8Y$3SA9L$'YZIR3%ICV!&@P`:B/3PJ%




MN2^$Q=I-EYO_I[ACRUTGG\YJH@DB)%01/.1(




+6G
M=I6K(1RQH7S-V
9]KSHJR[A/F'N\5!R5O3L*JG9S4S8J.[A/7+N[2!J5N5N7








M

=ZWB
W=2?Q
DHB240PU&&;`*]5/&HH(0
M`K.1!.9LRRN2.FK:P%SL%-F1L7*3%1@_6B\FL_LW.-#[KB3BOIH;:D(D6FNP

JXZ3\
!



LLT&!3.6W.V'TF5/%8%_3ZL#-]^K96I&!_F`[(

1R0


'S(T


H[;Y$G*/K2C
M6)TLN0-0[&H$C[/I0)*

[`N;S[/



+NLKL8JJES1_G!T%[4084

M\#O03.,RL\0@FLPQ`EPR!Y05G9[SP*G&I4%:WDD/9N_VQZ;3*E3-B1BM$,`A
M?EQ,YHM/:?%E$E+QJ7RS2'&RZI/=)UIL4)`K+X(G8J-REDNS[D24/R5*6
5

/A0W-19
TY


MU3=W;]Z?C=?M?+'5S$K%URZZ_CO6E

=R&NY$:[2WKL72Q23Y3@<PG5






MTFJ]F-W-6KJ='JZFX90[F:T!H;@$%=`^$H3AKF.%9T%Z2U3+BZ[!7#BJT*E3

?'KTLR3FC%;




Y^'N

M).ME2:
:0'N201&I

<'R^A@851[V#6%LH=7Z5<YXBBYK^
M0UJ<,JU[#BS[4
Y;5C=S&*Q?A_*4=YQS?58L4:'1+5Q`IB0&;+3!KAR%*1D

MW73^&
JF:]QJJ!([

M^=P!XV@`6*VT4R)1F5MFR:JTF?1&O0$A'GYK*?X07]+B





G2[4F!N*)NR-L.5ML!0$30*-%HM5UDJMU4]7/XEZ






@@F

!1=C





MN\!\?5L`)J/QTJN8V

ZIQ6U+K`Y@/S&9
MI629`*8J



MELK=MM+!)@%QEFJ2'5W._Y$=CR;K_O/7YKE4..TA?TL.S]U?#[F^?Y?_\FZ-
M].

#$U
#DS
M

:_U56&O]55G5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.1=67/;.I9^

M-)F?_9&D/\('__Q\376V^A2%\8\[/Q-GCUGX(9O
Q-R_2B9^7O8\R_/%AXN+

RA=G#?BO


^EH)D7*&&N1LHX

M^A]65XI%/YHDG_PP+N[UKV*2W
?AOT5P&7

MGQ?DBLVO`H
2G:TK?Q(9E]%W_G093Y-T7@ZGM;(VH%6!L=++C4AO9W)^JL.U


#8S:P-2%0@_R:\_PRBJ@_.V



MXR[2.GDS1&$Y_EY/WZJOO0PM.2J6I]E8L)-`!9JK)+[_)E*9&=_E=4VM56-
MH:$)]YH1M3




3!5QDC*[VK5(
93HO2B


0Z(
MT:VX;[



?Y1P'T[.
MHK1U/;U)DT#F`-FMO+&4EK+?CA)6T<2!W$=3JZR^'(9RTS\/I0CX<JUE
K8
MI(?AY)7.M!!I\QGX$*;#254L`3^(U+\+(SFG74][
&.C+H:4N$JWBKTOBB7=
3EL!!\6&R;8HZYDFW7+`I.*X_M6/8K'7!1[<?OM<^M8
4S7V^8G

/6SNW(P6&;G



-AW

*ER(=[S=

MPAZ9T0[6


M+$H'N8PG[VL2@FV-/=VF3)?1+
6`.#IE5#
JE(3JB':R'!J9Y52HIIL!RRWA
MR?1WX:?Y+`N#$L1M$I4GR=2

Z

M0)7$$V0@.)25FTWWAQCDK6T/5
6@4_KM1

M7?G781;!FZS4`IB.8%+O9J]?-GRIU=!?SQ-.=Y8_L@

M

PWXY6HFHI9K;XH6)S8_@P%5MOA!XH4-*0[X.#/

19V(=4<P9FK4X28GEEV50JD4NUNNUWZ3R&DF`LKT=CS/J`T#]Y%Y
M5&
(NI:A
V]B`
MRC,,FP'D&)Q`&<AA$SML,\<3C,AI1;Z]6?#MNK@RC0WA%=]2/Q!S/_U1[PIO
MFWH:E/@M%Q+9;1GNRZFU2D1E$.G6V+;6_0[E/T/5-






M7=;QI#HXKM)S#XH:PCTJ;'N6]_X0X?U
^CLN7@E\+[YG8KJ
KL+IOE+E(6P]









LAFC)G.IB4P#





MS7%58KML[_YE*2-ZK
I82DD:.W[[`T@BYR:)%$BU#B;[*AF!']?0V@&VAT



MW/GV?V[N5IMR_N]?MNO=U:;#+U?+;1A);I]Q\]^_;




4=&




M/]JJ&(X0PUR6-I8EETIIRH9*55IM60'VPGIG?@^0,E?#71?;PIE[/U8M76


MQ#]=DM[/UN_6.S#FNT2M54+U
UK0[@L*SA#%#.U.A42L)V(8KR07!C9N5^6U

1JQM48\;UBX:.\`XS@%G!*+I`O#X2`I!BS-
M[QO


0AYP%DD')0?RG=3G;W*]_/.KO&<*/

M0
QNVSO[QYL7V
`@I2460@(=\!J3VI'Q'J;%S`YV'W4P
Z\7=(8
5GL(C:HQ
M.)QV?%G=!=`W
0WT]L?3#EU)=!35&
I8J=:(L+(J!:4.2RO'`DBD!&F
)YI6

M

&

K/Y5#RZ[`R.[&UVHXE%Z/






0'Q8#%J





5Q9(4V



'LRZ[+0


MK8.1*4Q$O09)_ZB+K3P:74B=&`GS)_/A?E0[BL_E!_+];?%3;F7_EM
CZP

M^RI8&T.NTOS_P5(FY%+4[

NH4!U(YXI'10L1$

)






M)$`SC9AQTBI/PW)1H:6I


NEH




/]!C3GT%6)4LUPE`+H8:*W9.G-R?!D
XQ\]

G

M5@#-P@1HD)

E

M-^Z9G&M6


:T1M6KU4S)F


M

WD@^5A&H3I7I!)

IJ.*A[QBYAW4M
;?O8-F3

M-SV5&

MZO7KR.2

RCL?3^//;P*\?+)`
/1#6(@!Y9QPK!2N)8^9

Y?_.UHNXLL5MIX9U_?FC!0^H0
.U-C%!+Y+`$E9+0U3:



D2_]
!Q








QW$L+IR0QC

MI92V_H`RQT3ENA[:
J-$)SUYOKDV%5!G/U.:FH)5M`YB)B6ADB00U-L
%R


@?`^JVO`H
U5'**/J]2M:6IY
MJ'09-%

EHK+YPR



US6WC2/HOX?WE
M(U[O4IM+II+9W=I/*




B!

__B@#6=ZY^





*T0D\8I`F#[!3!:V&YO
M5L$.P&$*:;XV3CILN^

M9FKJ=T3+*:X4%-Q`2^HRE+R9'?=ZJI3_:U\Z
N%[C:F^BC%-O:4.$.`=-IQ1



MJ?23AM5;949QOGYYA+CFE`$K-)






M^2U^


MXO7](TQ/X^Z7;-+1/5CGK)`FZEFOF)+Q)]M^+\R0-)Z
YJB.PY
1@)HV'MW7









;CAG7^XS

PI!(&Q/+*RF8%C:JJKS.:3

M5S




%4<UNUA:*O%
/=RZ.][%!O+]8J`
MG5(6.DPCLYSA3$CH(<<&8.$\Z+X_8JR-X*9ZWL)=J8/97U17%2AC1^IH!X;




M6]TL#]_*I^7]U_WNL_KTN?MH?5??X)AF

%_C$D-9HQ^E'
M(T1NH*8@QJ=JM]\N;_;5[6'TG60XVCYH'LU%YXTQSDML=
-/.B0J55]1KM
MG/QH!

MK2$R7%G`J

M$




E*Q.(982$-
M(H9I*:`$K-VU@JJ00F9%DB8'H'/';B@U%N


%

MF;\%T@-NF(]

M

M#_O'-?JU3_+

MZ4E]^'CL4?)-7&=;'RKQ_T\)@A37F'`LAK)@P84!G7;SQM3'\'H+-\
Q
MO
L`*_887GL_WV%JT:DZ[(;WO)7T99_`/?









M@E'#(R:$P%K7]RK`9HZ.V^YLK6E=A)'D=XHE@_&:BQ





]-@X$`


!




_#K8UO.48
K(]S0680J1


:S#D/+6*W.HXK]L:.EIEA_['68
M3[8_]DEUZ!
UYC?MG_MV]?!M?+W_N=4-

MP/W[-A$!*!RRWC$C'0J8


K9

4NU[.A`!.#IVHJ9
M^/-3UO%V=%XNMR=GPDV!R1GJK-^&?YCU:KO_W&[T9K::=W0
3S6ZL*PQ`#K


M:PD\]W%\INAB1
A+E%964*PK^G:1N`=JY23FU]GF7^TNO\0


(


7&;N9:N$&?/UMGE1JUP[=VV??BOC^NO03DNHJ21






M$0/&!J/4XXX&+O3$[H.HP^=T?.JTE2W#.S_^TJ[:S6RI5G
U#^?08KO;'`;'


MC*H=`;^M5^OOI?


M=C?*_?[NN48@H(!G!C-.':'``-G389A/:Q2&+SR

MHXW5:;/!/._958UP&#J@L47

MTY6JM'


]*

CTK&B^[(X8;90GFT@OID:)0*`1Z6M54JF:S
F+7
M.M1QIG



MSBW0Q@&H/*

GM[^U#&W;]?AE3!(_P


BAOO#A
M&(

%

M2
2`%SV0X%JFYL
ILX\6N\-2W;33V@8(;)$5QF')D$(..]&[(T0F%CQ.9+I`

P&MHI03]B2Z'.0Z+0L[D8$MWGK5V)3@ZNO%[/WBV6`N]T&Y_'=;OWP
MKT_K9
I(LYQ3Z-)$ABC?L++^$HA%YEV1E?
MW'-^46-L..:L]#+\!8/?XK!W?0A;R\11)*7$(S_CSDO&;4A5D87UZN



SPXL:X)=

1K9S&5


M[!^

M5-9!I$V/*@H&.6TETS,=5I'1(V#N0?L\-5N3#V3JC5/JEI4TX\R2`PFM.
MH07*`4E/*&J65DU3XR@OH]PSXW4/WY\9N9YHT(U$`&#./,1*N&Q\'F1PJE
M3[P#M%BOKA$9$.JLF$_SJ)O*
+A5$


M8&]29F8`)0*4YAHS9X(;BAC'5

P3?O4BV7CBS

+GNP



'WVU6?;%4
GBW.M
MOA5^^]!))(F4Q&H/-7`J#K[5)YH@J39&]-KQ9&-9
6+HY'405&E#S#YTTGNA


():V.NB'0T.@C22MLK#)U
9'
^*&JPN]3026*4)$A9I!AF3!%B.@I
M%3*MHKGT


S/4O:WPX/PGCT`#AO(;**]&#
MCBQ*.ULF

QVVQ[OQCN
9#S^G_F@

'SOBW-)(K;Z4ET$A*.&;(

M@Y9
^EL;$._'(%P8CP2#F`'DV$D!D[0[H8K5O-Y)T


2-9U+VJD]\'%@`918H5W5'G41=P%$28M
9EZ!AYW0B:\KH$2<Z(I@TQ[9&6J/=AA3-<


Q:5O9YLKCL71




2#9LP(`BT!YK%/<?C6\7#W.C-
M;D5[0ROMF*H=VBO&/:7QK'%
?9I^VWK(-LZ*
Q3H0T.,-Z*M@^&,LPQ(%0
MO62%G*3)FMKQN1*'4B;$:O!#[W=_J7*=R#HZ



/C4V2.(`Q5&YXLX9


MNQDIGYN+TCJ.C`Y
8XY5VQE:@+;!.
'/Y@'B:U4X6_A%LZ.7@V.^;8W6]O

X8X9HK`HFA?5X!U#!1^OP.[N&B0(XK
RWQ]VZGU8GZ?/)QJ('O!-$$+BYFEE$3;5<MHGYH.A2$8VF.
MH)'TB$]-RB@(8)6B'7L7^G&ZF+6YO^O41UAHTNF8BUEWE-M&TI8PQXRH#L
CXU4E*^+Q<\H2O]G\O!T.?^\&A\`HIA)X*+(-3S:HX#W
M!56$!CCM*!M)3_N\C#

N1V.*5]3=UT]\E#%W&X5R2^
WT[S./T\^5'E%3MM

M'HD[Z=;RTSQ


M);H=

R=/F,I,J`1A*==K?P4G<\H$N?,2I0KI`%5&K5]G`T0!+2VS!<PC0'\N4?
MW$C4Z?R()5'ZX!X/ZD7G#`L,Q!4;391%G(/VHJSN&!T:C]GX-.6L]#C+A\$

93W3YOB1

]:[=_QJ'QEJ-I5GBJ!-::
MQV_-O
LE?^4G/J/TPEGC`^

MQD@;/V'3RU%DQM8=-S-WO+Y-=$UHK\*D?6^*=\URN0Y8WS6+?R:+VV.QF@MF




1;]]IW(5.+






QE@2:8W&))ZDW().\D:1G-C8HIC9





M[1\2I+I]

!`ZH0D-P*BH7PAD@*NGV(
M:`:


\[HAA

M-?/3O9+/F20`P+102EN%/.0&-\AX.G\$X1$%^-VEQJ*HJ!I^F-\W\9O8P
M6R_U?=O/]?8I;BNJR=LKOW\^?IO,%JUSMKTD=30S;\L@6G=-N1A@D9K5UH=
M/\W.;J*223


`9V7
MCSDE]3CB_J/@N`SX79'7XH+G]U$U^6UX:(RAL,G#[:]L8RTQ)YS)@@W*

M







N-))@A:J#W
MSF*L@


=A/CX^3Q<\=
M1?!9!$8#Z7



1'!@1/'%0
M(,B@VBBF95&0LPPMH12-W)L@PU]G?*MCS=+1)8$5L#5GM0+$


M^A!E01KYBI7?S$R^X8DRL_+Q.

MH&`N3&I8\9^FWYN'[^U:UVFP?G*S[H-PNAKEL7$!B'@&8$BC-4Q(Y&9G5*]^

M2


!1G4!80!;_

MH(
AJ4_D]Y/'TR&P0T



MU^.

Q$J.%0I)'(?3GA@GA^(D2+C@M)G3.$
@8!
ME;A?CP)%;6+14PSDR85ABHA@(O:PT4S&SNGF/8$1P(Y;1?/T6)Z7J7B\*K

3GT0HF:
M?&

M
CU]3
F=XALW.OL&KSD%D5'WR1%`A.)ZEV=5&2*B;PL:Z$,4:\F;8E$6N:


#R=VJG]8W8=.
MT)1QK!]%5
Q^LWG9+WOEMP-$/O:*&T&I\X9)AF@=+#H,[?-!KLT+]KW161



MIEW$]RV6VWE:/-:KY7:[/U-7[8JG0HP

M5.BIB/L/

W=A9S-K[\:






G+I\'+-&_G*I6



M_-4FO:JJ52M02IV`ZZ.J40PJ`4/.(T&MX5QRYW7=
\+5FZMJ=:VAKBMOE(?.

?:F4



MC





3J


M[&QG^EG8
62MN!YSCQ?KV#\6SCXN/Z_CYV^W]G
MFT6K9

M69\MNZU`F/-`1`_/&BV)55:8!F:K5)YLSX!7+T?F4K]PCD
O-=_MDR31_3\B





M@(@A
9YE[T*NGHC+
J](CI6LG^^_[Z_3\6?#H/)K+\_;*IO
M:83]J#ZLYNOOE:[NUIOJ\^QG7J21\8)@


?P+W'1V52S[6D/O_&@*C4PB)%/5-Q765:FB8+*+7*K`/W'XH7-
HXA#]D

MUUYMM;::Z^T`*D&'J6BN.^\ALEIY%MU.XKB#M'8W@6*^E._2EW+VU8;N1W.]

0_
M+92

M=D36\9W7FPI2



0

QC/%8_)MK\LV(P/=TKZPO

\S8&
M09TB^VV]^OJYVGRO4V4Y%1UZ?750BN(84RA!$&:0&L1E0P$E[.2U^]_#8.C5
M1)-1R#LG:M&74/*E]H


MG.!``\

M'^VI;LR'J['RZ\V39&?7833\AP4`

8B^I=+7U
'!YNP7CRGR/LL!
V&AC
M#[E?RKU]WL1^1C
9L1

MSGD8NXI6;
MCYH(R.
D2_U^%T%\?MPQ=;Y55O2UAD*TAG;




MN.+GY2[U^
YJ0=`(G!@0[I7\+M
M+#K^\^7#;+7;?HF.XX;1LS(LKS\0!`




BU*Z-J_TH;EE1V9X#$_0@^\K


8SZ:'A
MP'-)




B)(]MD02
M`DG


62.--$U49+EG9X.'&A?#Z&3H5S:5QN




O0K?&]#04$V0/F*!
ML'%I'24GJ:?IK-6;ZFGZX55L/4T9*3!*!XUQ2UF5$MC+7:-RI!D8JP+OP=

ERPI

@-

=#<-N@HP!*\[`G3I3*Q[A!0)R(8M<VD^
G

$
E











:T
5I!*I1!U%/AF)S;X+2*M0&+B

6`&DH8K%*\T;)1#*BBOM'TWUSX_!

MK61Z'*.BT$
!'930RPYL!#!1GZD9&F;(273*0700@@5@^D;^?0X1!7$=41H
M(3`@C@!+6OV@@3Q159%$RG%#Q+85,(2VYE4QRBDL&6&VJ%K$4\H@A!YM3

``I.W%







LIRW9Q`ZH?3'_^QK+?AMS\_
MO*V_UJN6XX=N`U3*(BX0



MMDP`%I9KB!3TCBMU@AX0



B.A!_SC=0-M-\


MQTWX2^T$FGDE3R$V:5CO5P]O=KM#L/KKA5IL[J/]G\\WA_5^N;[[L)^M%[/M


&

MJZR4'
&<ZOR8G:*.QXFEZK7?GNN0ISZ,+ZKS#%D)!9&S)




XN/LD(!=%KKGOZM88HS*7EQ&X
C'\

M?GOS?`6!D@HY;RU`$E$J!8:-7!K:M&*-_JW^RO;6$]&:A`6MWMB%-RJ-@5(!
M)QB


MYA%'GFC!%&3!!6KD)

LJCQ!39`:LPYMUO]3H$
M.:O'
HPO00NQ!FR__%K'RT?7NPX7
?0:IX(04H.5XTP90!B3FI_




M'!+3V*FDK



M:C[
)F9

M9\_MR!6TZKRO(];AD0S+SWFLRGN'@H4&'EO*'-`&^=
W15-3_;/?*3PUD[*`
M]PV9


M0S6CEOJ3;`XF5J$4U'$N=7'/@]=47





+M;;J%
@#(5S!IB2;YCIWHDG#ZO5QHCC3
M41X5)C8=R=TP-'`F@

MP0093X+Q?)(1`F'3
H

X_OE,9*!D37B&E-7?,2:/U63[$RUNV,^KLYWGO
MV5!Z?6PHQ@J42(+QE?_/S?I_VYLC?_-4I8R%`%$AF'=2<PVT:@(;C!DMK.5@
M!EUL<F$QACY_G_U[LS6'W7[SI=ZVE2W^^'%G7-02<`$(]0#+1WW3=BJ<6(Y

M93W_ZC/#\_IH4)QA+T+[?;1^X8+
QY^=-W+$5OQ?8T.RZ[=D7GVIHCQ(+\(/




M








MFP-2\-KC

;V[
XBJY
M?+/%]?S33=58(8]75!W@_937H]
:`Z:`@27PM$ZC;T_

N)0


C0-;CN6(!S*XEY-DOO+H.E-
MVR=G9/E\;3K.^N$7HPF8





L$=U*0Y#[39
MKW4C9#*1

M$A`7%!JQU'`$6GFGQQ

MB`33



M[IO=I__



MMOYZ$E\O'HP


M&(QM!Z)_\WT8H+


$O=_!DP`V4



`B695AH3
Z(%O@$DQR+!4C%%

N?
M0IF99^72K-_B;M+V;2GW'-3=YQ3[LP^1FNT0#2I3`H^8*&]$3L)=(SZ%4N


M9_-A=IGW]B8JE/X+)MFC%E

MJ
VR=3/RYJ:5-/:\!*U#AWI?-OCG@7RJD]Z+`3P)DDGIC%/!:64MH2R``J^E






LK1M-(P+P)B[8ZOT5[DG5WH


F#29:


KZGJVJ0H+979/HJ(^X6NY`NN$HD9)NK/
E%-Y*I3\
M$N'%OD`?S!+H2WJ/-QF%IH0Z2


VF7
(H$R
(2^8RGMQZU9Q('`$$U9E)1ZE&K



PS&!JD93:^#0;F84M

Q26NU#EYA
MSYVC@CNKM`=JWWA%Z)

`Y)P3.SOLVIVXB(%E=^//VYXK?^V3GU%U.JI68*245

M3

MZ&:?#/D1-_L\:+*HN^!B2L%(\O6U-

M


MF:W72;TUOLAA=;[WG0B

1`F:[

MP.R;BKS3
Z\

M#@:
5SR'AGQT&KBHBGU]X@:K
-=&.YT6/Z8T#75(MT&
2=Q;#'2\0CH8UD-)


M++`&C@S&Q@H@H%V:%%L

97GXM(

1U%:8B\NCR-;7)U\
M

%+#.
-4&1*Q[EU(_H#];?(=H/NZ.(N$Y;4
M_B74?[N]6=Y7U1.'X.CQB;WO1(NL5

M_S2H'8?G(2\E=3)9C!=YTYD8CCO##9AGPGELA`(M+/8BD


W43)7')DCT

G=J[PO

M4G-66QH\;T'QDUL!)J'OX?5\6A:C$C`Z']2#B$%$)Z&9.?:(#33C1?3!9C
MZH2?BM\T
]ZLIIPZ9@F!F%EF








M80FT\M'=4!0J)/$.3T90VCDC_HOAG4


M



M5'ED&3(

11:HRCS#M+
MS
YC=5BDC:A?6\
C*^KB0@M[L906WM]@H803NQ60E99XZQBWG@$:?U)DYX1J

YNO-[/Y35CR@D\=0

CHPBRK'V4=R(!Z\='@&8$4\,<HUQ





MT4;



T0X2I6F.WF@3@QO7X2SX5B-7^
MR




MJ:)M39B(3A24M;%MI$%IY\EZRR[IDQ9=X#.
G[E\S(KUXO-]=MB6_N?7?+E]




$Q
8`#J37S3&D$=W([





A

MAML]0(.=.&Y5:'%;2P\8K2FUP$AHN(W.@%//[A]5:9&W_DI-=7RH+Q6'(32I



NHS755CU)GMWF1

LN
MU:3N4(??K@Z1'TIM.?][F\^K[*]-U$GEZ`[VG3$S=E[TY7V+I)U#38*RFB)N
MK78RLI8S`AR$U#

OL<&9X;#1D^TZ-&!YM8_UK<


@JWVSF#'NTOT/$\TZ!


[0MS'.^WDXVY$Y#:&)[@1UM`\)0CC#+I5:.
K
M/_+[FTETZ\.L*.GV.`V0JCV@=\OU;'E7GBK?:C)M#^`@^O+[F?OH\!E)?MW


*F4IUQB


=D113)4CFM9H$)%:




H)*R)CSA


CP_


M)OV]A4'9HG5PU!,&K;#$<,<0I)3J
MVO`J+Z,:B'3LBJ[!VY4LK2R&EJT#H011)`WE!-M*6`&/&6V19F141
V
#O5


H3W;T@=<P/%FNUL6F<N#?+2-=T6V
M:E&3Z$BS(*SE#%$%2H#,R)Z_::6LBRW,XW#.,.PHC.8AB##QS+&TAKV#T3
M#*+6:11Q!#(S$A?#?I23Q4P9EI1212X1E

M


^0?)-`Z^UYY^9_RIXM!GJX%6#PVUV%K;!L\HUI9

G$'

AVR]
L.9.E2=R;,^=1Q1'
M:LDLRZ2K27GL_/J@*;$IC[@TT0#8<O)B6S*`!KYS`)P-YRAK@.;2:N\8\IL

5'
MUGA+0_._F\



M[$%%P':&RL
T[U=)+^M8I)=9`4DBF8(`Z':V.$ZM'UL%K+Q#3#E#&#&:



^#



W0.^]^9(6/_98P3(
^`&1E%%0`V0<DI@(PG:+I\@

=`U=6&J@AQ@1!PHUW
MW/2;227FK2]F!\]$M9.\
`*B.HZ3J-$U'V;?=C





MVM



M1(02*RGA2@



M_

*1T!PZ+P7V?7PF
MI6PB%U7-:

G.VP(P(U!BI0U0_;'.E$LC



5T
G4I8D'YXR[SUF@?LMCI%86OJ`H+)G

+ZH\80_SD8E
MX4M2PT9

MLG2+#B);]O*I-JR`KC.3`?YA?ER`]_+NMP9/^A0#'M$I9(#`W!D!BJH^K_

QORQ'QJ]4.B6??2ITB9
@QE!!(RR&TBC3$PI+-Y$0
MM)^*Y-1KV$6?FX'?--1^7NXU-=0A2!&-&
:2(-DTIY_FQU6M9*47(!?34S






]0;J'QB
)`LM\ZZ]QXCG(#H^
M;Q<4ED`BA@PGV@J.J5^7P?E:;:K8FIM%CJ.6'\F]]E*[UPKJ_/ZEYT#<H!
M8;AF`MJH/8:HZT6KA5P:1E5SM=GIA
+<8*0778.SU'$FO.6<
M@RQ473'II!-4!+*3YP35,^$V6ND_F1DIND3O0RQ_^(N/S?&87__8`432#OM
MC!58LBY@]NU(&@FXES(3YH3-




C8Q'7F9
MY%)U=G8FI&H8O3NUX)?%:MT^/*82V*4NVN07N'G;M-==XH&[8^FBA@\2C.:=



MI\#SR*$&*L6LW*T3^;3



MAK\OL/^!FX



-


S%^5%[]IOONRKZWE'[(J+U<7

+<LQ8W[MCE]5MMMF.Z'*7AIK8Q1A1CKRFO=IU/HM_%HH3?





X3EG@(2_:B43'L=:16%NAT@1UA
MQ[NM'[+I0&\RXNY
.I29LI06FI]NMR)UG34U$8.E/+W
UWF39_5O6=J*6+TO


8L'@1%14M
MF$Z5Y31BI^OVLML)L_H$;*6#M%B!7?'B)MDJ5TTQ)JQ(19C.J@ZUR6NN^NPR

@?K$;G1OOIO[2K6%BZZ7O(RR[;


1QC(9XON-2
C(:/<VR9-3N2KX$?]ZI:Y
MLQ$$.D6*E-%P2@XO=DU2X\JN/^#+1L[4.'GFQP&.Z'LW$X
*$!IJAE)(N.V
8L(`CA\L30A2P)W]-V\@32I3Z
MM((;





MG$E@A`W`2-HX?1C9\


M@R&D

MN2@2
-*S1QI&YV7Q573@FW:[V?QI]WTF1.'B'NN#'U(1+_1'$PQ!)`5#JL






M-P_D2Z#C^#!2089^%

R&/





MNL.,$6&:%LHAY(IW%,CBH9Q5KCR@C,'\#+6RYE09G0Q2K--3#]-6;@P0D%


M;=-


MCCK'LUR-2_VQM%]W_3T!K5C0J9W'I(R2FZ_N*#-=*S/!H*7[=UY9L=N=UH

\FH

S$2RU_NV^L##)IT=A9JIF2%_%7*SZ7W6
M2\Y






^&-




M]%:








M

'#D-


A

MRXM*M#).C)ZMO;(DT?=T7F1Z

M2M'-*R;1HDW`6!#%A'L!Q3[D!`WKDT&7*5CMD8#6\;3(V%@1YGF7+T9L]6F
M[2?W67,&?T?G=`PWNI
OHR)$I/Z1NMB)B2T4[87IOHM&A-S`^9%@6I%AU





VT$1SN_1J-837C-ELS4`#$)8W4IW!N^660;6
M3W

(Y0
\Z
Q




M7E%VQOOK%Z1$6OZ0#!`?A)U-JF)/QA9.GP9/=P-@HV!)0A`8WD$D*%;K6V]F



MG.JMZELS^
V(8)=JC6CQ^VI;?Q=(C@\!%D((\*3E-88LP@)4/8HCSAFFFS
M[NBS1(



M`Y?;4=[?K6J;W;O1;*L0!!GD$,0(H`SED,RX([3D-H*H5;`6HZC@S:N@]NG
MA\NN]A+:C%#/A$3N#+08#NTXW'Q,G-W7Q@-C\(P#C9VL^/`RF/'$!\-]3@P
7B-,PH2`'+,]IED59!K,QRJ.8
M7:ZKF^Z#OM@)FG9`2REIOE/2%_;99[+RGKPM#0!S$?/&9WN+GP.1GZD\#G)

4O

EH[%9\0[CG`T6C)2'
MAIUBN2A\VUX&2($:4(QC8D(O30)4X'N#GEF;-24!^JZP+PS0CGM/PSX&J;



MD^V)Z`:





\VG?


^SJ
M=\Y8<(^DYLWL&44YM.,42]?8*#-[2DHM^LD7E;5IXHM+<6S3J7X9X+!8N1]T
M?[\#82'@((84%D

S'7T#`H!9G4!=EF1K*]G3(L]P^@-&\)G
:FI&@Z(W)2
MMCC3'3

M&)YMU_FBU;;-U%MWFTBK_'N%X[4'Y]?=ZQW5NNT1_%KU+_!W;WVTOWTK-]55


L

%V



M^M$C$`8Y]%C652V1$/9)Y

M[P=A**WG$S[;]M)


M
NU&82&6.C$Q\:
MBV4':(I63N!(0BKMTJ.FE(?
3!+*10IZ*1=JJ;)I)E

`]1E.$TY2B/8`18





/W
M$CF`YVY7RPG^W^



NZO`'M8O%`^J2.
M=^S








M34V
3YJY4Y


3LC)D[
M*9EMLOB:D1P0\K=+1E0FPYRG.



6`@2RO7#942*F+
0IBQ#%
$H(W3$@S
@?P6!


M=)NTZ2-8U

M+XI@P)+G#ZXI
+YFZ]K=<W%\VJ7HB,9U3E.(8\!H2'
M!<HR2!!D8[G&`4@3BELJ_*:XQ@[[%\!!4,J.;+-8XS=.*A,TK)T^94L:
MXW-.\3FBHH`00RW[:J0?].'QV4U9'C$$4E$Y(%2@,81'
:

0T6M^KVMSJ]YNZV_E]NJO62XP&E!

B$WDPDTQ.%F8J^,3*C%%6$W+7UNFI;^ACFV]U$N8R%&S,.0C%,A$B!
M&8_I,+)
J46;!K#6%:7`=EAHJ




3EC3&)Y^B%GU:WPO!:S8/S\?+
M
L$)A8!#`!!.DS1

Y]5ZTH`7#;5MOVWZO5LF@V
MOXED[#F8B
2\B/*0%AQ/(HP3?@`AF8\5VLA8@.!BUIVP!T,P/OR:0


MXZ.4%J#@691`E

MD=QW('M5'&%ZE/'+4GFB`C#N#4\J`O-V-9:GL:(4_MPTR[_JU4H
_4D$__5-
M?;6J=KK\_
_[!=R$1)2E(


M
8BE5VLLX[_W]5T37K[)@0/W:%L)2EVX@F))1J/G*Z=/U
?H-'Z




@A1R'-B@QRB'

M3K##$WSM$
F$$JT6;I=YP@KI]9&M)GTI)(P8,B+VW+,4.O





MT!B;1*I90_F].K]^
MZ0IB2
XXC'/$8A`#Q)4CP.2&&L]'+&]%$LB\GC`S*M


40]3(=7SHQUD
TM8=E[XO

MRM
X8G=8*08]9N38')SEX1<
-$N=#DP)#EC3&


9SHH3Y^11%(T.WQ@FP]#FQFIFZ)5X]5W\'PS5?=T5O<[NKVUA]<+E*27
M][^MBT=5UYOM]E4TBEB$,,5RI0*Q%7
\B%:0A/]$]?



AI434YR:-9.K;;]:+K&G
MM02G=M&



M2!CQ%

MG4+7'9X]'/_?_:!!_JT-5K4=X;@#B.]V3?GE95=L@EW=W:]=E`]5D-4O5?OO


QIK800S'7?[[EV`8$H/[=GQ+;]#GL3^7V
M]\


E-6\Z*


M36J4%!S.3OYSI^HO0#
R`J?G0;Z9P:P'C
N+YUQ@
F$U-@07XC!63:C=O5!0
M/]G]5C2'RTO:()%(LBQ


M



-XJZZV




Q]N__ZQ.%PHS)_J9E?^
M:[_P6H4I33,EHQ1+11(N0X3'FHK,0&M#G`3TO3CM1&/?&=<GXH`6YP:PGLG-
MSA9F<Z?R[H)18$^8:Q'V8G,ZU:
SBGTA5B=VS;5'M]2H-T=%M@)A?*
2D9Y

D

FW9HUO2W
8NB*KZ6NXMZ4H4R
M&8E0H#1KT[V4
$614KE$J+LX$30-[$V$[_KX7G?O!G6_L./YE?3@RT$[M$#N


3S[


5'-:A-6*9+Y@MQ1Z=-JOV]HN`9RR^[8[BQ;I%E+)0H

UU!+PQT&X\IMFF7F8T8S&8NP#*[
MP\B4&N3BHAGHF9TR:D91\Z*BRZV^X+=.(WAU%'K-M0.WQJ0Y<9_NQ!J.!^:

M(D*TD0^AN`Q!)FWR?._V'(96]FS$3






2Q6DH1\?/(ZRU!\8R


M)I@A(9E

+D$KA&\GDCUB86]RYF

HKC]<UPH
M($0.6R-E'&:6I5+=23&6T_EV+'6FF&;#'.8*8+FBZG
44+75



?[MD^CWJ``V8X);T!LU=`

MS?77CEX@:&%MO2U^6N^*0Q0AXA@3PB@.0T:X8%$\1@D)!IVD!'RT[Z):JR;H
MY$!+:D!`F@4U?VR`Y;0!R\V*::](3)72S)`MQ!A
U;\MH]E`T%^'TKXA!?]6
M;E=M6H+SG

!*
TRE.!I9!)SA13:CRP

M]7VCYFOW_K^75?GT\C1



7<S!#&8<;W`%OW:B@E[5;0]/'^%
V(DMSH48BW4S)@]2



5-)-]NDO\6LMO3V[:4^:'
M!K.705JPUQ;TXN[V=S^-^N8%EA6.BM8LS6FEH#U%IR^Q^&7;OEMX2EJ.X:
M4_MXQ:S*3=FZ:;YWM\8_U2]MSB*XA23'.
X$4F(4H*'Q2VQ4`@T)+0*Y-G-

M1JL3L7TG.E.DW:$.:H+^'N2ZZN[+?!S[V*:5Q[#&@#5'<1Z@NC$B0:0?U_O

:PYS(29DU82S4:TM#L
TZ)=J_=1UO7\5FT]-\52^/*U(
MPFBF

MBU5V9

H*Q!&251JYQ2
M'*M8$:4BCJ7
4BZ&&%F6:ITD;/3@60=N%EG1^X3@Z9!3.#9YT`US'LUD1QO5

N0JP5G&

MOP#P8^$2OI]

MZ#;YE_4J)`(A*FB$\HA3)E0:CNY-4\&UDV3S$)X]\K!$8*_L+ABT!;TX2#)G
ST;:R]R6-G3_V8`[^1B8@H=_'*:XZ'PKG'!=VJ?#

5A01-!2$I$SP)HXQVX3`9XA'*05M@C(/,\?DXG8?N
MI`5[;5:S^A.)K/YGA!:SN)KT9MA]OY(1WO6W@#H0JH2]NV8G*4W!J.?VMX?

QYE/1OM#M=_NA6`F)6)\!0C





I_9A&<Y!+X0%W/9HMK;VPETND]-?5\4FZUJFSO$.W@K26DB<H)X%B4\
MRR
2H^&(U9AEL
L7+
+
/V:\;\?TVW;

:E\G?KA=Y2B.0H*Z:^:2
M-)8

M%@VX5`ZR0*&_)[#8=9UOV$KS\66WW:VKS?'`+I*Q3!(6IXPS(?
\)S0?XN*4



VFE`


\[9DW(PPMF/4*_VL\Y&9IE`'+E6]!VVS1LAOJ


M9Y'@R5CJD!*T-


MLMCR;^5V%5



UM?@+H]
TY^SLX=$\S

SAKJO[F[UMZX



MRFV^[1]!;+*VO#X6VWY(CU`


*!D1Q2EGO2E5M(#&!;PMIWM
M!&I&QY\\9:+[R8;9DMTX?D'46DO\2ZQ,;@8KD&C)0E_-A@MM@(J$`L*KDX5






M+F7%X9_9_BG'S^
__ZO(#\TO^/;
WP/?MXU)*/7CQ'=)3`AQ$^PS%(3#Z
AS

\5!K
M2:+0E[L%6W4PTT7D#M_PH96^JT&92[%D8U$:)2O-/8.MM*V48[Q'SX2`:6/6

MBS
4#

X9[B;OZ)&K7_*@[!@Q
5S7)W+J
M:
0=UW_\`ZKD^=^3'G($I4U:.[%T+HI5)!ASL((Z0S+)L$1`CXC(0!@!@$
M$0V@/\8AB5?*M`X\KJVW_
S^Y%.(.LK+HJ;I@KN`MY0(?6SB1_(8U]FT@I

MH5';70!\-5W5`&=[';;7G=P\2.N,[_5X:YBKNP;W0H[QED)^.87Y0_+4IT
MW^=62HPUNLI:4=9IX[OBK)U0!9'^[[SX^NV8[]#W_)!]S7^*%LQ-_(C%P$T8
M!!YB'H+#]G`2PDR8T?WZ-;)LWKZJ^R0N8J\I^T%!WFN6$A#7Z'32D!UN49

8L3`A$4U2

MUQ-BU&%B#22SZ;L0-1?RAPWM*`M862TZR?4&T4_C\R`#KNMRE__(=^VQ^(T/


M_K#3/`\&7`NR[T171./76[3&DL7=)_9D*KD1EVA=9K-^1%6DY=^C4KRUBY


4^NIUOXO\257[U#Q@;8U/




]+[75Q+I:]['R5HJNEU(;\G#-%E7&YI_6Z-&_
M/P22.`L24

J

P?;IFS\?/J1_C7C%MK')][Q=G/??K=&3\=OU:'X=[[;0-RL
MG'`2`AC''F%A&(!T`)H&3*IU=GETIB
6Q_/;'8?KG)ODG-G$N^+/?ZZWJ_NP



M0-_%Q&
DC4

M6B_G44ORZ04-?OW8^L)42^QQ_PR#Y^VG@8



M






MRRV


8EAC`$:S%




M!`3^F#D@[$J]V,%X%\R`I\9_/.:::T0K#1M%@[2\T8&\+PS


M2T\W


CE2TZ9X37W2N\5/#4
MZF/#P7

L2MR2GC/1.0T

MP\2:R#[G=3
[V^<8C
M/O8BY(8H`A`WP[MIZ$=)Y),@#BF5NW14X[BF*X0]5+Y/,H)U1K3.:[S9PM8
M5+.
^$!PJ;$2_7+1095M


-)
MU@A-]



%NX(L
MBG


(U3JV+]OK!$









X3TA/Z%258DF=!23;E

?7]!@F%P`
@0`@
MAQV2V(VEWIDT

MW


+K







]*
1BZGFNAUH)#MT4!4S\O@=S
3-5EKU6V0'W<.+V
MC\Y'_?_UX-N;%WQD,3%$W9X:MXU%&8])G8SQ6S^+H3'A1QBPZT5UA9+3K+
MYT37^_?0\&)4C^4?AZJN-[[G8N;BJ
$4^0R%?D!PAR;ASV$+E8(
0U@MNO+J




X6%(GZ9(9H=`91S3Z?G9

MOE2UM0.UC4H54@6W*$VSJ=83W=#8+@W')229IM%HW_
%CJ;V(S4P:XE&:3'E

M



7UWPZ*Z5CO!LQ.=V:$9UOE

A


MT#3FBF20TEZ(D!=IONA!0R@%7.`YI=IS]V4^'%X4%N@WB.'.RXYQ31Z^


MOVWZ@YP![DX




MK.`XS++`5!2\P+30'$!.*JH!0N5N)[^@*M]242TLW]4)TZH[$WN!(7JJ^5VO

$C(4NA1)**5`57*`2LIPR


M?G%D2C=:LD:
J5N




MPYHC?Z_7F^:EN`95&G)4`:RT4+J`JJ``P[X)*9#3/
?E]T8FQU:*7X'BY(\=





MD$M3[$-


XO5GK%&GI

2^Q;GG`

*P'.*:Z73?Q!)))-A9X^LFTT$S_5HPXM_

M





MZ0)W0EB;(*A+(
_^2Y'!2XM$]Q+./]?%&_V]2/^S]


K



_[Y<;.[;


W'MCTLST^CO`D@
-%I[AH<W.1+%FS+F\U_+B<!$E(!6S$PPN.8(




M@\7Q#!\#R--&_1;+YM]

MV_GBZ]^6R]N_Y@\/NWU';K1`)!`'-)29G3:E^WX\*%T]%$1(;T\8'P$R=6


[[$I&JS/)`\K/'/1;H?!+0B+(#!^7_=K#$..(7(










M5H



4C
:%#F66N2X*)DIB376J(!YJ81EAQ_4



%VE/4O

C1??V;(FBI'.%
MDE!JBC!RDHABE@.Z;9-Q#G+IP=U%!DII[JO(ZX'.:C6V48W4+/RO`9Z=Y[




]J?S)-]
M/UW7GU;S6<UN__6TWC2?NUU_^7EB5?=XPP23`M**%55)UGD$%1YKP=!;?\Q
M[9@B(O.XEYZUVK

M'&2&BYEW-@=_3'N`G2?&T]$RE



1Q.@9)1XEI&?C1=%^C/2)#S

?*1R
I-G-B.5\[C&6A72/Y1STSC#S_?



CS
M`#*3GFP;0C9?//^+?137+%=#F'^AC!TUMXF4M^/&O+QB9W)=43`E2ROEX]V[
/_21?%KUL1QDQVFM?OKSX/)MM%D;3@WF0EH9-J'RL.%86#T
M5<R/HP?]_+*?<SYHJA&C6E@OU*[&\10R2G3C$!4E`)!`A0MM*R@P`7DG-E?

MLIG^/9D9X


M.5=DRU4]_[IXV:PPA5\!!2B$DIH9P.9%WVR!$^%9EO6[$KLDZ79T7F;:!;

.8R9U)7


34$;D4ZZ4[
M\BVJ\W;P2\5T-S+VJM_6CL0`KR^0=8P
)H+=44)=CM]!/(&]75\\-USH0B'&




M5BV'I&A$.%Z9&


55?E(%;`6?W(PE@+


MXNT8)(8=6_)#.VQ\S'^$V'6PM0\3@%R(=LAA9\AJ0XY'6J%&TIQC/I[615O
MNN)+NP$PS#S7@0EV8R_-@$MXTF`
(;L0W&5KKIDM/II].=M[\]+B72'
LS5


$+'51`@@:PC%2*IRKAQ*&@V]FU='QY!F#A3[*TL2V$QP[






H2$.(0@C=.'+=`


M


M8J$K

<C&OX*&2JOQ/ZQ9KO$Q4D
M^IG@X8S!5





ML+6?B9\`B9V_A*`UDZ_$5+G

H@O\HP!70SA(A2:U\DW'V=&GV1=;O6GO*YLR?$;5]L_\N:OHB-_'D<_




MG'33#9M8
#E)M&+2[00PEY-N


53D=$=0Z

M8D.(2Y4VIZ;#J`*)CZ!.+.=!G




^F\*ZJ6G%9Q

[KSV2[/`P=8.ACZ($I!X.$#GF
M$D&#^75^[+F()WA:1B+-
=:HQ-&Q\^F9'M:G00.K_K0K'_M



M:T.4H4*L=TJ4
J2:PDJ<F5BR9A<-A;-Y#SWATY[B7%I^ZN
M^-9%M
O[QD$I0LBW@QCZGA\$J1T'(




MW[:\H8(

9U8@L(S*I_W^@G`S9TT/TN%=;R.R\NT#+?K$_0GYA119




ZJKPP
MXR^^+WB=@\E;0MR/#%K1/Q&]?CDH]DNOF778.*-RUJ=1=7KSPM6K^89C3(
M]R@V%Y.;6FN+&.?15@/BK/-;US0B?O+;4W_--SU)R[]3DGXI!H9.1IPUA$X(





MBB&


/P
?4@OC7(?Y&Q
M28C\\8



MAB94;.3Z


M:
87T5R(ZXZ`XB(V$8-93$A9:Y2ECA$$OPT]7;L5X48^9F7^3!.8)H.TNC

BUE&:&FIN?*J$H/A!%.4H;?BI(:@;4)8ZAHJ+IH0P-I:GQ+2Y
M2E02($DPU50G\+[H]DUU6QTJFC=)C-TH`D0(F4`.BY*X7R&=E&\J8I'6A5T
M)T-?$NLS?8SA\#&^$I6_/JKI);3&=QSC*PYIDI/!7Y3R=&.ND`!G]-_/Z!\]


M\DL^:/*ZC2H)WK;%$(H7KUJOJJQ=7=#VHMQNIME5N(-)



Y(RSH8:ATMP_'DY[?5/=-




Y





]/I+;PO!
M
[J1.]?P.




5)F7
M.3


A+7-5C_@['71S@=^W'K4]F3/;)WIXPA/Y^RK]\;T4[*+']&9

TQRJG07L2$(
[&2VT2@5#IG]R6







MDC@FB*@T&XPFK




MHQX@0
@)!H;HCH40
4C3ZO!O
Y6[_4L5[_)A^Y\1WNB8Y5E11:7IR%4K&4


:S.C

W^M:][3JU5

TTR*\

W_
M5;WQ6

MG]8&Y+^(S+`88*:P53CP)S4@


MQ`@32BB.!T

S\+B(V+@4M3Y!5V$M)(-]?PJCEN4W)C.A@GY$


MOUY8&/
\-NP





)43%BE&24\ERJ8Z(BT%E


8ZZM.0
P+R*9[7]\F1[^4:V;8Z'-





















MR_4#


ZE

M5S29`)&+@@NACE
3:G\OE.W.B-^/-Q\6&#&DL572%!/.$3M:XI3D5MLAS!\?

M;:8YT1

=C


M7`Y2AC[X`H&6%W470BP_;3E_
L95(
#
35M[O]\_/KT&K;/_S^JO]G_M5XD@

M_VW7W.*6%&DI
%8DDY:3#

IV8'H/[D:_#`[_

/!FE?/\X[;9-%/


M%P(JEQ:\E@JZB&&

M39
XV+

3^KY_^SOGNLCDOW.%
4
\H8+[G($)%IB7OC6`H
?6QN(-AO





G7M*'_@O-?P
`V1P^9A:Z%=0XL.'7]\L3[Z'W?+TT#?AWG
M



E
M4U;F*8V3
LOS4I`B1VCT%_N)!


MI*EM[#RM7-JTMO^;4=_BYY^LCJ%S(:'18T]:1



F%C&*7%KQ]1@$FAOD8N;JMKA_OJ@\W'RL]YWN\.K0#5(_ACU5;^K?4
M4\']YR;K73%M$1
[P.C'<F&N-[ZO=]ZJ[3;4@2B69SC*6!'3M!3E8#:7$E2ZW-568%X^':B?




C$0+GQD-NICF0V`=%\(:
MQT9



PELX+#[N3S8C`PPR:V
KKE7'[4-D/:[$+#R.9#XYF/YQDE



M14Y5S&@Y?K_
AN&M*+&O@)BJ)BQ+30J8*R_3_
MR;NV'KEQ]/I7]#@+=`#Q(DIZI$1R8L`S-ASOY,$(M55<KN2=JE3%Z][?_V*


M5YMEP_0C(?EVD3W21VK^;&FZ792XTK4_8WLYE!M5M?U,_AZA7UK/.5?2K!

!CFF!04`X2EE

M.






L)EVNA?9&@

]G'U))[L/]L/QL#\LM^MFBO[GL04*
IP@BN.B9#$4





MCF


M%-UBA
^]3633&=S`U'OOE:;P['!W?O'@HD2HYSQ-&B+E##*`.J@`Z[UQ
MX`&?Y;E!!\GY[&!2JMS
#FQGR9\+#+SYP/FLV-Q;CG+X3B)#XI
#PWF)\.



MY%)/+?_HZ8X/*@M84

ML6
?




MPSW`D27[2[Y'5W[FT
:;
V:MQ-KT9CL][*W8LR5V3#NTS23Z.
5RVA-_7&@V
?^]KA$^M7YO\W$NSGW8[%#OI;101ADV3M+9#W%`=5ZCT:%&`49P3Q)
MRI(G1'&RW.1`T=:+U

D3IJ?*#[7(11Z3]0'


G8Y_J%L<_+@YQ/E7P_HWT_?=N^Q7E<WGZN=M_A@N04D#@N(1
H2P5!
-#$I\
M,&=XK.(M^<Z&,%-*0E



$A05A).DC0'!`)^/H[8







MM6R4$E

T

M_3G*19H)3DO!&
8Y2EF9
2!`P2!AA`@HG!X(

8JNYAE.1UO3K*B5[`A4<
MV0_0N2;]D;=(#EK'B'

O[&0O)1MA66X5Q3;3!S;
KCRO+

M^=2]JUE+ST;8GJE[EHBVH'M^UJ$5B)NB?!-H#UWYIH2DJGR3Z5)6OO=-G^O&
ME(AC`1EKQ+5((8*
%WFOK8+'4*OZ6./76M8QB413GW0X49
A2W3HJ8T$H3]!

M%P#%G*
=_&$+TI4E*S(W(E5GF`U$RPT'5-CNKIO[]L5Q]VVRKW?UP
MA-4UR2',&(QYEF8@!AF`60GZ)AEA8[JS6G'LM:=H;5?8]6#T]2W642JJ9HK
M#O6T[%]@_)N/P(V0M*(;)F@-AQ
A)*;;[G:0J3/(AS;+[F_ZJ_'OZQW
D[










IGRNZUU%-Q*C*;E3Y':FT)FGU:C$_3[.J%ME:\%
MT30]DD-7

M/#[ZS_;/7P2Y@+CD




M/R&);ALHID1*A\R96F6)1Z.2U3'\?I1AM])UH6V*@DT@/70AFQ*2JIY-IDM9
MUH:#P$4N6)RSG%):YAD5!6(I[=H`.KMWVO]8LMQ:;/D/7X49
D:]3H:8\:
M*U;49=CTB(Q
(BH0O9B&O3;04S05X
/A6[63AR]VU;=JN]_\J-YM5_7WZGV]
HNIVE9?-P<I6GNZ_M_C_M`-P3Y\_;S\N8<

_&+$R%PDF`(*



C?B`[[X1B*5XIZ$.ZY
U:'2B



M0EF

T/7+&I)^JC

&.%P1')-
!^(;AH)Y9E[-\S0HUXH

MK0M]C+1H6WGD244Y`6N/+%87G*X-7(6L
2LW2G8@GYOAH![;NP7*E#_'3U7S


M6E5-T\W
NYF8=5UT45)`:0%CF#&





V7!





^?TNEZVG+5A/)4YA



M

0?[



UVL2F+

M%






4QZ+U+


M211KI5`+

M0B3B:6F&

MM=9.0(A#2
.813+E#+

G]
F3Y/YY(EK[=6L?YJ-E[A'



M


I


M
M_4K[SLT6DU=?D-Q67U&UD43-=\UZH8[X

M1A
VPSX^_^%3;/FS(?*-M-=C=





M

MY*!14'&Z
S




M

MF#(8B2B






JVPH$+651Z^%40Q/]Z5'RZR9S91307RQYZQ_*@3


MELJ3;[9T-EOO\OD$IY+*A




D!


(

B#!OI1E_SG?7N\F[QB

M=%.LIE^7+^7WSJ9Z^'04!J)#55IRU(HQ1EJ$LA







L1595W&A#-#6]1
MFF8$E`HH**E&1
I`UB+`D=![3MF=6=^K[J-[7QNL/]=@@P/:;H(9W1'I
@)J

MIZ9RWJG3TS
SUKPHUUO


M-


M%X;F!*@)XJ_%*G_)=JO98SD$[C]



H%6B\$+N_^8C&2O7EO[GWW+IM/&EU)[`'$[].G?'^D($D9`S@1

M/0+LQ*!G];W6`7)K_:P&[K5Q+5WIO74U`G)7K13A;@+8NF4]Y&HHUN?H\#
'C<YG-:]4L^Y']L\OO=\G9QGT\P80@*!,*2CA8
MDH2VY6`2LRC3T46O0#SK98N];9T[NSIJ/0CV+@2-#T'EA*:2^@V<FL*.)F9Z
MRNLY7%XTV8;JUK=2P1'HN']^%H

$5TZQ%/S]/%NMHUJ)YA?@WFL#2O9X7X



-&L5!^KKM^B_C\UI_-YU\(

8XIQ#P%88)%$K)4X(3J



**B*F$&(\)D5%K`I
LG6R+
M[72IIA`ZOZNE#AT$Y;%?0PD:+#V/^B
6+HQX$ZY&
MJ-H!?V0T7WVJU\N:Q2



\@98#'

M@N[&VY97






MO!8+$**%WLN%^3#MRD*T.Z
=1/6L5

4H)X
M$D8Y9_BX^


M1''S-%F
$.FMJPZ'C:?WCI?]ITEC'WEOVUPV\O[:LM=IP/0RF_2V[5M[






YCR0Y*D"59$A&4^RE*\MSWD=)MV0MPTS$LV\B\/C3O++8;;XC.
MZ\+SQOANVDL$3[_GC3%Z;9:58_G?`;4R/R#-#\
[-.VO)N[8)RURY5.9`$/



M\M3GX6B.XR@#SNIKV7`][3BZ=1P:@2_ZT-1.C2Y3R`8#S$O%X'4^K*U^O*;-
M]94/(S47`AKC

-C'.)-!PE.0D23#F)?'1
EY(8Q!C0

M


@\CMKRHV:!00/U2)+DL6`Q]R-?\)F
M21P,%BG"+3/U,#,3!S22X9,Y-1GD0,E[=!HGISHLD1`(@%U733H)$H4$E+



[X\*25



MLHP

#TJB,J%%..]=3&U.G(UMRG0E\JI(0I`V$7ARF36YBRE@@



L!0IU9+5_6S'8.GKR@\N00J!Z
AT
M'293*`2CR#-Q%`!B1R5`W1/':ND5

MXK*^NVO*\21_F!*D)^*,/%3/PG2*(R/QD2HM+G;S,*4Z/1ZSW39`%,.R%%G
MHIG0M'?*&*HPX331ZDQ`&X#]3D@GP#T70`6[6H(M#;YZ05QL($D:B!^7^Z?
MTSY-@R`)?$Q\6FLRR


--SBFO4H(E!Z0.A.


MYPG'U$?M);6#S9#[H1YX-`Q-1Y_1N2=S`ND(L608RVU6021T3&/7DJD!4#



MB&=YE$0I$YR@Y#B''J#(.-


M

D301E
M+$



M^L(!=A)


6C=][1/6_P


IDH1*R\TFG^^8WM(KKW=+


MT@

MSA4'056NA0&QLF3)GH':J'B0,[1.A1)\_@L1S%L[+/@[S$1%TMEL!#;=]K





PUA1QWF%1;S7
/AAHK'H!X2XE+'8`]
5$0U*I08(21]?\=FGW;?P[V:)Z&<<!8P(F?!+[(*3K:(SA2
MFD@V-N)Z2N/HCR:IX*K!.54
%TRG9R:&TC?RZ
`(FU%%P8@_3@N@
=0&#AP



`DQ]1D)





M(2`
4WK:.:'3!7&N0
E4SH6PR#B
VNY3!MUV=F;CPZZZ+3^4N^Y[*YFCT3#)
M64KSE




ML%OFY!UD8\=4[7.=S4MM&G-:RR'R&
.0KIZBN/%^O'8$[.)98'OJ;?69KEW5



MM?RE;Z?+1G;E;=OCK=LOAKBO7+([9=9P:@BW^8-&@_]]
@F=X.WG%-I-
&5V


_\OT8
Q$@1
9I&9X%


MEMM#N:(A2B


MV_Y46=

E8.8$]&=_G:YV*X*#+.[/[6N_F-!A'RFH28G]=KA


N?^6Q

ML/JD#0HC_@_0EIJ]P[-C\*?8O//@OE_;ZMK_+$!OB/#&.SX=7.7!F.KLO
4F
M4^AY9GY6%M9+S:W&VT?XYVLD[5W]*BX7K[G\L6SVNZK=I]$ZOQ(1(3C.
Y'&






@C5755
HO.`J:E+8&JJFZ6F?91+S_?:[^'RY

)T3K&'+

N0&Z@


/?

M:3'HK/IHF\53ZX[``7([@@VA'V4L093A-$QIEO@P[8#S!(\Z$W`^M%8JV-G+
MUI%
VC=









M07UGPD
LF=F'IX&WX\$G$[#=!K)'U4VR[F5OWDE84W2[9
4GT[`G?IR^I9G8

]ZCO^QWTB&:I



YT:2

H+'JR(KM
M,G<,::;-M#LAX_DHN']7I@BWT<H@`)?EJ40=G`A(CY:[
M]OC%JFY
Q*FV1









M5@#^R

M[\4?PI!NJT6$

M&!$604C%OT&`TKZ$B$+/H)`/A6!#OWVS^CTXVT9DVT2B[:AUS8V`[K9&M_G5
M)\VJA%VF(BM'.4V(QR75J/Z*-ELL.((LX$G`TA0%.
2QA[T.CQ=2;%J!!X&P





NK*IK\<XM=^M[N3(QVSU\^_SPI5JO'O\LEH7XYF$!_6C
MA*8!A8A0ZB.&/$XZ7!3C5
DJ3(
QO3:PQR]O#NPUJ`X!'

]:F?QH0:

IUD5G&%-V=#T3=-`-08N1P(5XU)7P#&)
MTRJ`Z^]@(DHLU.484HCS^=^Y#/8G7.!.%Z1P^'/]:.`*JN_M*757TJ^=

&8_$PR&
_XX3[:42H

D(J$HV2F1.WU9EL$@06&FLO3(Q/
-KS;J(
NU


@`_K





%`04Y4[

M2CM-W-A;WNK.@D6





$4DV'65I]2T8*
[W



OF

;H+%BJI[V$1:8
M

]9$^DS5$R/1RR2P7YJLDARJC7U(Y
MLB`:3\D%U$$3@E


7XYE]#WH@\LUI_\_8N
JCMD$1S'95F_IQ/Q


M_GF]+/JF^+E/1-K^7L,^9@BY@M\%(

MX!`#Z(.HYR=E&$#&`8X41G&MD+;@,D'UQA3D^T)9+5[2X`,`]1Q##UDV!Y_
ME



&$L#?V`
M-R`B#_-4:?96[Y-M2FP+$]0X&V%M\&O0U2G)'RVJEO(^5E%/\NVDG)Y/H)J6
M:B#72'5$=SK*JHMA5,DM!M=.?F#(GG)CP)8B+ZR(@@#.









Z)J9+C))N_!35
MY8&W)ABWK&)(^M6-02NI;MN`WE'B;Z!])J0^

&+]E'%M^I/YG*93LI3XFP
M'^31Q(]H&%-

R?U4PC2+OJ6N+$L_\=;;(_C`C(P


M9$#=#'13Z[87:(]VF!682?)4)ZB78='MZH
@:]-_1L`(:




MIWPO^M!?B]U.$O^DU95L:_^)]\\-LZ-YORA]S.M0@)3I(@IF$8I0Q3+/[U
M.V0)75T7'7


B'


?[\'FOL#M-U%XDU)?G7

M'32?4Z5MM3;P&'82_NQ1/%J\0#
O4WQ@/DI

PP[


MGN&

`ZA=
MIS@YHRH7*-K
[



M-ME?OY1DV:Z'721%4G3R8;K3-17QW


N5V401]F

5.(4)

MFVM)

?%OA3X\7.Y&QW;XENUN:[%_YOW







9HK

M(W;(4B=9-D.[=:?N&I4=/)3$




H+@@EF$0!)7*0\

[C[[NPI&H


))YE(S:Y%XT;-W=Y==%&SR%-1HRAZVZ=S4C^3?Q=

$@?K:';Q6S:0.XB^#^=&










M30W')^$X2Q$_SL?QU6=)]HC-XW2
9





M=?-LB[`G\0
M:EV9E]@(T<F&?%UDGW



VA!C\WU6IQJ
MKSE:K[788?




7[7I

QUCV
M
;RL-SVLMS?]?[?OJDW_FXN










M5-0RWFRJ^G;-FOOU=O-]UY9PKD6*1#MIE+$TS6'!T=B6^)_4V8Z3&K]C%@

3:+2$^V9%D-C



M
S*'[:`%/;:I$UD%%J=-9NVP:71*\6J]JQV3X#S%:=-$]GMQJ!O###U:5&

*!?JWWC[X5#[;Y7K]?W]?KV[9=J=V_@(@Q3B@FA.8%QRD'
&.8C
M`BILJXI?--BL[1VX(])@*UXD`4IV
X
-AN7\Y$SDJFG^@=



)S5@6OSVR0`Q';7!]A$U1!:=0
M*:=ZCEA44[D#@1VJX`$LQX)VFI\S`F:`5$\$RT0DC?&
4Q0DH8%L4RWK[7%K

M79L1IN6$RS7):@HVG5\K:B9!VAE9







J5+FB?:HPV_
9
[:OM`



M$\W0Q]\8RJ`)BI$WW4V
\I1A`J
@@1!#D-BR(?6V)AK+1K6^/Q;E5C`#5%

]#!5&-X(R&:)$AK2+OFK;N3Y[LE(KS
,I)QD$,8XR!%!*N^]SAU9P0E(=)9!\M#,M
MT#,0JD2IZ8$%CG0581[/\)`(5509

HRB-

E^4%\S=GCNDP







JI9&M$BT5`@Y
MR=#9TL=T7CU1(.A/EOF*)'?E.=R(EJLZFZZW6O_SG43GC.$2`(AP6&*`MS



\$(N2K

XBY*(
MQ`EB
&64T92




M$:
T#K
0T005(

M\J8N/]4K

MKC5BPBPG-I

M
V^7

Q=-82E&5(]KSW2G0HL5BO16MO%[?-)N[\L'VQ`A1QJ
P[`Z'
M+R!EM$ASP'F1@Q0PPJ4.$3?2D+U!:X37OW8#P.`(H=0V.EOL*APB[IQEO5/$



Q=$83C`%P1G4[7UUV]VB6*ZWOY5W
MU2)!'($\CZ/NVO
DBE*.B[$=$



MFA8$@I#E(1[!U2(.9R:4*@^W8U2[%`%/:Q`X%+6F769


M1(\U`SIRBHL34C*9.@_49'H


M


M1J






2-I-J%3#8R4Y;57Z4\H`
=//7L



FE9.[[LGYY$K%X]
M@`ZPP`N.@
&`6+$4F2GQZ7FBERK:=`)P'/D@C\$2-BG+U?HQ1W9S3
$OD+


W8@%4B^(#9BQ?0Q^!`=.T:G47IK(X[BRS4RAXI'Y!?;`'QTT
MI1)6$VE4J%TU'YUZ1:LFTI7JVJ4@#,*;YU)52G
N1)9?R34E'O3Z)(+W=V

ME'H6SM1$^@Q=6OJLSYN-,_GYXJZ_$H)\B7W+ZDQ9-I6H(

OGE*.XD
M)$_/V^IGGG_)OW'=Y][VYIR4X802-\'



\X%/Z+?/<M_UQMMVFU^Y[M-BOL


KA$




M+D4:
VI9*N^J)MNV.\D$MB]R`2Z]&I*=C6);HWT:BZFI^17XM)1#Q((9._`
M@+/]Y37#OA'Z9$-!$R.P$&TT[]=8R&B..!/**/Y[(^ZI[_+-727:++@K'$,&
MP]AQ$A)GX0L2-







WO(HZJC+^%Z4^%@W*R?D*(G3$B`*0H3
MZ/@

M7#7'1VUC.I_4)X\QBFD



N!^

MOD4&3J%)9:WFJ51H*S`CI7K-!291*]=C8)R#

H]EU&H(]2[%$TP/)I%*L$E;:Q


MZ$3.1Z+1N49S(1'I;.Y6UYDTVAL-++]O;DIQI?R5Y3A.B(^2V$O2
`EQ@.*X


HP@B2
M'MM_2`/DHD3BC5X4_O1]N;=`=`H$6DF8SK



V.TU

E=



C%W
F\3D0C1GHA.OK]D9

MW:[;N5.TJ%0[R4Q@44YQ9B)PTF99?S18@YL_X=!.1YF+#(W(CP%:%Z)!)CQY

.BX)_2#UD.L'&





1IG4YZ%6C


^@AV?9DQ;#
M:=PO4@DGNC0J@R;H4JAK4G[+=TUQO\TO;Q;^_ER5W5^LQ:U&2EVNQPC!.`H@
%L7#




\N2+7:7\([#AEN5W8]2_WW8YWR3/STW





.J??O16V$]WCGIM;T&;]@B:'
M
O#-+P\+$4NH'_@D+W(@R$,8)RZ08R#4.GMMPE[<U[;7W?)
MGLZ=?2/4RMZQFI=5U8/_8\*\K*OZ$KR-7IHRQ_IB+DD9=.E,QRBS=,G7]A(_
MO!75E4,)08@Y-'9IR!R?)?AXS0IAI6=(C_6=MXGD'1QD6JQ+@5JY
3($BN*


M!RT![\!]2P'@'B*YN*&2%*:%X?;W@*P[*_*RLHS]^B.K&^+_=`6LHHNEY_J
M+Z(86M5]R=FJG2G;L#_DY(X='Q8.2TAV0.E(G]K%Z=5\].[9SA*XZ+=&H

ZNV1S0&:@%*<*HW(J

:4A=%R(8

MKK3^).3E]FH4].9GC6.YST5[]BK_0QGD;$QPB]U$A,[Y4%KX_15WZ6U5M
MOA?;[3F3,!%E'CR&B1_X*8E)V=29=XW*J*+$VQ8UF5!FB*BC2).3E!FHLT
M-3T:4U$C49(&A$C$]0N1(N

T
M2/V$.BDFL1_Z&#$4
K3?5=]3D75!7;G.,[WH:ZJU2Q$B<-,4M48:/TB@EA`0#
MUM!'4H5UK@K0LH?^`2:NP&KT1T57*%^85'M/6O(

\G
MPE




MXEE1BIB:JW7)]26O&]&WF^6[XEO6M


84@=Q@@B$

T
MC`(RF

!'CCM!TX'YYKI4]3KTU:HO;L/

$G5`F

M_6[J.
TBF19"!TD1OZ:9CMQMWB%'%-Y\Z%Q7Y
+Z7ZWOZ6=G1FL%9/]'$
M4O=.




MS@#V`ICN:N\$1%K$3\3@HJI7[8$JJYX0R[)RIYU9G3KWF8?-F?3M`(N0L
D0
M;*VB23ES5LKD*5+0L

M%RF=*KI%[6SA'IRR#\X$929IY:%52'.UQLE:




K
M7(P`'8J0EET[B*K;2P78./(N&B/4AFVH1OQJ##^)HK?7%
_#ROIQ4^RT17;8
M[[5R

MODYD1ATL6Y(*M;CR^L85;?3P7[?WNOZAOT/TW?Z1[%A`[+MFIN7JO`RF/G


/@KXH5?'X:N2[`*8B1ZR4@@,&$*8$P
M5]!KO4`6D/6+Z9N=#Q?.WHL+9_3#&1QQ!D^<[\P71373'$I;+%<[-23RM\C
M;$JY:KGPR:6TS_5MTSZ


M^E5__A/BDC]-F@F1G=G4D*^GDZY)@HWGYKQY**IZE?M^A&(?NIX?!6Z$O31)




M!-!NL?(,-?9Y(N!^Z@5G-QV8PE\@3

9W)
M1**(TBP
MGV4A0A`3SP]V(SE9E'*-D2@;
5Q+C*?:;(&=/=U&
W^G


#@-YL7N]]CA%2E
M
M['*T&'
%K`#+TT#$6*48E?/X/V_ZN?7AW!`E2&
M+;[2TS!1XEJ^YVBI<O,M)2<*307^+DQ53QHM#U


MTRSPD@1[DW'?0RJ+BR4M+M)CO%Z9H:ANDES+I0_S-.OH-%XSK&D1BRS5:MG$




&


7`#`./8WZ_[A$I#

M3?/G^/4O+#44M4-_+?7@G]UP#5IY



J7-%6R@V@C[\7;4R74M\
MI)JAN4.CWB%=O%K:?.%,L)TM;INHM10S1T<N0PWSC%
.S1;UBVQ;NMQBLKC

QT$#PG&NLR
MZGLG@/?CG/1\AWWSAE


E/@K#W
I])[FU(
VO);^5</-\.`(R)Q2D`6





OKBGZN%_@
MO+RE]=(-%9&^K:Z?&))+^BSG7Q7Y;JYJZO_E#<K'T8N@
BG9F$2QF&6AG!K
M')

MT


M?C!ZO6^2G


:5_ET2.*YJ


[3


@=REQXV'NA

)

M1=V:!7JX7]7!K@P81S`N!




M
7%3-TIR!+


6/Y-XI2S+21:-U;:VF1.

20JZM=TW@]BU[?7Z

9S[P80JB-(+^!`ZY6:16NYE`9'H:9XO5Z=NB
M[C9G1K&6C(RL2BX=%!UB.FT'W$5KMR]P.-'?IJI1@FXA03893FMUVZC39^7=




MSZA*1-):L3;CK88Y5&F2M8_I@10%KIOX*


M!

403]
9YX;ZV:(
MA'39-4\0M!19(_]_[/B_Y.5_+@5]ETLQ&54/B;U:JL&W\X*JBTMJKH*LM@'

M2V-B:*$*BH?-^\?2/'X?9)0.D'5&:`'YJGNN_VQ]9]KF%!/U^7?]R79;^7







4G=-
=B8$=!:O/^D





M[8?TWUNSWR3FRVNC]&+U^?!3Q\;G?2E0JTI6S3\%)9`(0`F&O;8Y48$7Y`=1
M
?%BIK/AS7QOA#E'WUF1W3=F9+MU=E


^<<G*QO38[]::-U*S26A4E0:+1!U<2(EAT/5(+2O/`MS12:94X
MGG6Z9)M&F1BWP=*XQGOI


'#*/;NUJSIF@5=^TFSI-O4\VT]*R'E1)8,:L1R`1G


^[%[$*A7'@&\_#Z9GZV((Q




V$UD0S93_=UA,'B
M./U[RCF(@3ED5`!8%J*0%522<]&)$0Q6+@S@^KL3DTOCB
/.$-D1P4IT7%C
M@UZ3L0CA$11G.



MYO
8O


(

MF%(H[X2#4CC=38\C




U
:1/0SIBKK'/K;S9N'2L=M7)#6%X:U]-39?7D=KMGJBF`#RCPM@ER*61%
[3^<L71M^Z
M;'0$8Y1@I[2=UZ@NT$Y55ISM.)BL=0#%'_*^==FO=W.M(9*`<2*7.05K@22

ML$^KU-CLTRKAPCYN4$Z5?1RMN

M!3;BM)2H$YTLV#7LU7;]OOF8T`2Y'6:D;1_8QZHJ'U[.H5R^:=9J%TY`.Q

NL1NP7`%)EJ'J[LS2+4`A=*B
MJG#SCT)4]OQ:2`+#\RU;28.D7=WR[MG$*TJ^90UL2-J5`M-8V==5=K%WQ(!I
MV$$7YVS

5:YF1]$/KQU4@%[OS&G['8_S?LK.[:Z4?^Y7WPUU]5F

@

M_2?M3L_[YK=MZD7SKXE#W9=F4O(*PP)IH*0`5#2Z\CZ]!]3^_8:Q%4V\E7Q0



`5NP]?YIN:FPMEIU\0[=

M_Q/!06%GJ=.-A^DMQ4?`(-IMP&@.\8]8LMXLOLU-EZ&WJR9TMBGH=B8@$JC4


29





83COY'EM]S1NP`GI6C$/PWS2D]''



IX@D:SX2R#!.L5M$@#7G^CV$@A0K*^X[RW(ERU(KU23G
M!%-F;IYUTG.:ET'7#_Q$.O%_X;GBSEQA+W.(-BC),0I$(^6#T]C_?\L8/[)
MKROBKR/W=;;*+?7U`RT6$YX4*(2HJHH*@6O`T:9LYEIX!!8A(A@Y2)\*'

T,+
M\T_+^F/]8\<;-/Z9L5)@)H5JZZ]`4%D6M,5RN*E0#<9:\HE0Z)ZZ2=VF83
MMU,\:S3?=Z2[REKEVV9U!_6SOUL#,F-!UIK@NIV4S%MV+#D%1[FQ9UH?)6%:
M3Y#/,'!JMTV$F9.;N1YV-G@S.5OM%C=&].);_:%NDN(VB*@?U\O[F_I&-\9

50-I(S





M#TT^2ACVR@Y
D2\!=&;V!6,ZD9D6
M;L<Z\F!SG$%_U8O/7YI@S+[5F_GG^H_[NT_UYMUM*WO[[GZWW<U7-XU^\)S
MIXR@G.0`L6;1#040B*J*=


M![B1\
G[

)]AXU0.FP@/



$#.H@/3V)XC0DZH)P5!Y-
M!&XB*KUJ5PJ+54.DZS8UG2B)'E$-YU$/#[TN*O4QT(]-O:%
0*C-J*SWJF#(





!`$A4#0`5


R2+!\G29!]'B73DZ+$



F(@]'?I
H*%&OVM*K
M7/Y;$.!\?)4GHY^3)`ID/LK_FH?Y0QN;&BD:%'WW^'10VYMEV?F8^MG$E0E/

59TG6'?MV=7NP1`&OVBKOT\KSF4B;93_-
M-:C`RT0JA[&Y](XK4P/9)_G1J1S

MK&'B-]3SA_658M/W9LE7/XR+NGXI1LEM'/XM@M.8^VDLOVJ8-ZM_TM#V1QM0

9E]IT_G
B*(XLO2#4FD]%]6-W1C@&0-6N_
MMDNIP.7Z8?J_?C07WX2?S=-%JE(':ZM0;Z@:!K.);&\8FX6U@:@*A%_EK[_


MW]?C65-4


MKP.RKJQJ#`U#N$5$-:)F0=HLH0+/13&AG
0D#L[SB4@O9(E4Y.$B%U]2M19B

M9792]N;SIGW&7D$-Y]5D.DOB18(C(

MR=SY5`1_#_*)]1/11&NZU3$P:7,D976*M5@AO.B#&+1KCS?)Z**E?S'ZK9
MYTL1%:
*5P1R:!A=S6^R
'B0J84(9XTG@@8'














MFN3B$V_;$\A-EJ?^:'4&(2I
_?)):O8:RWJV#9!!#8L0ZFC4=2@P
71=SB`'
M$!'ZW(RHN%0S22O?K;%CZ;`R/&
_NREC-
^.;WU_=E+8=R*B/*L^*2T^!G!Y





M9.=



I



E]N&WU9X.$9VHZE.
A!UDZ=QSY
MUT#VTC9





M\W\FN?\U+9JF;'OPUQ3U=$I-PX4FAX$)J.RN$EJ5WW=9V@OQ/45^=Z=V

MMYA9K.G%7Y7T$



M-`.HV




MEHM6XT`
WE
:LWO$-W!(D7.'I!()_CW/\J(V-:;02Q&/.D@W-2;;:@(L#;A.

_]J#E=GA3W'$I=9FA8!Z:D/0?8HM7&


M3@LM'G21:7!J&-2D`)N6Y14/K!U75L=8`;'`?+?OIS_YXI^(C]NS^M/V;5
M4I

MG82SS5M_&DAYAH$8P+;!'2@S`F(2FZT:?(=@YT
P;+?HOUQ(4^;M(1AUG?J!

*L?:-N


?G.9B
MVO(.A)689]C(M%QB&SIBIDQ2L6-4]8;IU.J:.!W@T95]7H30U=]#LNK)92-/

:
M3P_!M0O_H;RA[CI9;@^NK!'9US3)MM[C7R/J$6SQXD)+RKB)#(0P?VRO&0'O

$QBFAIBSFLUCA.)W

$0=Q.2/#@;5*A7#
UOP.<:1\J9U+J\`


J-=LK
/3;2#_

M51XR&#

/JQ



QPYL=V:R3[^4;:EOODB41
M.9@;3C;8HDU]]+%:QBL5B:B:KA_B!

.8$H0L4AH2+S@U0$H[W3RNHY^MG#%*,335Z)DQ%
M]HW@C^B/+6=E


2ZY





U.



R]6Z^*N+S


ME/
P2(/S'@%()3S$%F!IF9%8:+9S?0R0-+D@&?I9HGJ)0%Z:DGR;Z;I9'FX?
M)O
&7




M+*Q+/3







X^

'#-DRO\_+D4#(8%R?CMQ;]L;)^6^!4B^@(
M1TLS`N.\HC;.U1TFDL+4L,T(=P/&Q\M4*8R*F7[QM.R-F/7+@K'0T<(DQA;

M3TV@&&'AUO'1

M;!X[

&)=

8T/YDZ
LS(=YG&

W075'*O&MH-5O=FF
&\`='.P


.(UB.0Q'@:70
$CG2

1CT*H69.0PAD;891;Y/OOQRK
M/NF\I=


/DK:WBW)9'+V%!EJB5L.B;\L336??EHO[OY\6#Q&::Q*2V?]

MMDUY%(D\

_0O]

U%#K$!=\<QMIS3:;]G?(CF.'#8:02EI]I2[ZK0)R31WKO*!6@@.[</A#
G




M6XMY(X:\?31@XX1&VE
LF1:&\J9
HPWQ6=0AJ`'AW1S!)-F$XW`=S)X\UD
YG=[-C%LSIQH$Z*3P$7BA@-#<2:%7M





TU28:H5L^`$
ZXSF&5-
.*:;!*@IP=!_C2KVI@\&H)K7&
`40\9
J:5L7`


M8




U$2

86&BL8A50I

`X
\M!8\+R])%4!*-#)LW?CRG=S3'JO(F
UUTPHC)54U6B`D%=UT+17



=@(O?Q+N-W=
M)[!5AO^:S]:K@ZE(QQL$B&#6FG)!6&
H^)J'HK++BB;

@&7FS8F3




M

2`&\8U*),+;;51CG2*<2:X0I33TKHB%ASDRXVV7L\N-6A$E$._*
M8(@W-@ZX+#2`(8V*6-0CAP*E[B*/,.5I,(+U!V_V'):3+-KS=%#0Q?FB8

H8:2[$103I:!\'I$2)+6TRPA-

M+%!.XMJ*!4(6


UG]M!G8






.U**
MY




$*:!)L_#PW\
M;5+/DT;4
JYP\_OGQF+ZJX%OCU`1IWB0I'/#):B)0

2

IQCA







0)Z;&UN^8J@C51$0T2DU-!*C^/X::2/

M3?.`%(2^JUXB;%2FK&&ZFA



M.&*LJ[BZ1(NHNKVY.\+VUN\(Q$(CI0+$60$L)4Q[V\A/+





M2[&`_-\C:!&A;:]W73X51G^H3;!(`XXILDP2#P07F.SEHT+DFHWM(XQ_:;.Q


M&A!.
9:



SM[U?&.4WGY-





G(.%%7
.^%P5`M*
($(&$DU\JI^+'90S`@=Q=Q

Y$)!$\7P3K@N9MKD;+&]N!WJ(];0GT(O<



M`S=?DE)7[ENUG-:KXP&AI]H&I#@T+DW&5$GA
'78[=UI;7(WW3K7T[JJR:MO
MV$O0S'V;5JO5I\FW79Z'3=\/)B$Y@-@1I[UWJ](0XA0[%7C$!(,%/.,'L
ME(CO



YD@@E3N-==[(*U-;^H($ZP;T
X*5KU]NC\CUTK7VEZVY



MSJ)SR?N\HMB0
7=G(-P:9L<DV^LE'Q(?UB4\!S\]2'1<2B
/0U:7'@5\LJ_I^;AZ7Z1+1]T_+*%1$=2O\YF^S+6OZ&@;Y7Q@$
X?$PGLU_M@`08!27%&A(&
MG*.

M''US:PC#K[MJ+C
I[9*
QW^]R
RS17;?H7:UO0ZU%XR1SG5V@#OB=8:HN@

M[PW#(JR8S*K5']77:OY8_9:
LL

M.$)F]&X.G`]GF?VG571K-AW\N)@=NY/ZXLG@G(9




MWC#`E+1&`:8)9$)I(1#$C:2.

MWSU\F=3+$P5AVC0/D'/%C:`8

ST8^SW


M5@CH)3&2$
N-T8ZIQK0D(MJ=N93[!?:W^X%TO%=VC$%6:J
59]'GX$(BUA@/


C,W=EH+=]\K?]DS6.]0E:.<FRWFTYE+NDT2
/ZZ
Y[U]I$3P&$1[%

.FP:'`ADF2O8K_`
5T)





M+K47T?JKLTL.VB7
Z$.H_%&O3J7_/=8L`

OYQ'9?DDSQY_EC`2




M)$!VH.J;X4I7O1Y
.92/:`F&Z





7/YGCB@P@


M#D@:P3'#5')OHO7`2K7A(%(C=6,L!%]VY7*HKUF5&TM%IM_HPV4\X+?/QS


M3P[BC-HC2N=

II?K':_+]9/



M7SUL#F.K[L'V]Z/!*4D

WR1E*/7'P=]1R+X*9Z.Y=:
M@A5T#B*FI2&0:%N,IJ:,XH'C8$J32[Z-I/,5_Z&@84`40PI2GFOA0+%*

VAD5@NM&Q#5/NYK!
M.M:+ODH(#:CP&'KF




$P/+K871&J1J=DJ(%AD


8!Q#J7A5%$HL/&VU*I6





MBCA)L

MD*
%EH
P8KO+5@\;]^WN\V+SD-56)5?G1;X)CYNWMK#J(JCN2J*$VR&N9_1
M!?]^.-,AN$.0J*N:ATI(9I0SA`!)+$2,X?+S,,RDGJB.^DYCA[3I!-5A^'+6
M,ZAPQ:[,M`R@9T2WBI+'.%Y;\EBC5KS5(4SZDUJM)Y8=X*Z(1DK/;&K\Z(/

MVBS5\LMJLSHTFH[JUWW[FFWV-=C3Z#G!&N3CUH\=4S9BXJ'CHL1!XAF5&N^'




M^;ZYR-`-HO49L\_N_NMA^^??EMDJ)PO)_Y!SA)QP)/Y5J3Q/=.8U;Z5J2J`*











MC(^ZH^!


MGYKC^HQLZ=?BJA?.QD=@3O,'9OXCNIKE,W=ZBSCZN'SX_[3^KCI^J2+E5S
M@V.:028D0-@HS[G&BA;K!3XYACBB`'/O9.H:Y%(]3&+%O?J[C%;'MZ^DDAG
MQP?-H^GAO#&&.:4%]H2)8EU4J-2BBB.*/_=.GBZ`O4Z8]=9?UML'E;1GG3_


M?B)@IY2%#E-/D#






6I*WI\;%TZF^X)[`GC;(RBE.(1H%RG1W
92*70=WF:.=6=
MZ9.!`YXS-9/8U
^9


M\2!FR\&&6^RS96[E99O]47Z[O$/AH:JQ?OX^YL/B^5!P-5_4]Y5MEA_6BTTM

M%T2PX$*5ZW.4S8ADMZ5'[6RQ9@+YD7`3VJO&)(QA7:@Q95MQ#+$20AI$#--2
M0`E8L2X!D[MOC-!X'A7ANA!&K2]_A/E.HQ!$CY[R=#*)1B&)B?F@%SRK.EE%


M

Y@YYR[`?ZWUH;[U]]0HA)\\YP@
ME`



^^0CWHKKDI@X/+Z5
?U&0UG

MMF


X!FL!7'PI50%6!$$4%U)Q)3^K'QIO9:N)2;=01
MWO.55#^982^RJQV$Y\6-T!:9/D7T$[\8U+8NEG%:
4F(D19!V6#C#+FBY.U\

4+\6(/.%
MI#+L\8&?3)?_G



4)RG2/:3I8DHUG$JZ[FT\7RPV)='2X0=+!MH!P9RZV4



&)*QU_00+
M;.;HN$V^(A\SM?+*_A##SL;Z4GQ27QZ[!4@ID91H8A35!M#B0&FF2.CZ(I2
MJR_'IS2L+\4GG,0GW#PE9JF$Q%,@@`&$`6U:N8($+^B@B67XU
:UB7X]'XQ
MOXO(W]?N3H^JK*\U#U@+6+]]0[1A`

(X!*T.FJN


L[7!YA7=)R:65(ZF^1!$^+\?W;OZM6JUK








X\
M4(1?J*SOOE)T


M.?HCY-/9DC[TDD\&7

F.C7=S
`Q%P18E_

8K[:W%=+O9S









M1^O(&!8UK;$6.^*X;G!`$`P?
7T5/D\)[(N4?)C
JM5OU;=JOJGJ.X+5AZKS

V[7ZIY

#J)U=PR
2DT54``0C(P1@-E6]2*.



CB$G686`:F8P!)M2^0TQ[U2I5Z\


M7+H62



M.%'
O7)*^79U1J



MF0OSYHSLRM-D
I;L2@&-P
9J;11R&AL9#;1FU%%#IT8:CY!)@\BR([OR-&0O
MGUUID?%UN1'#((T#90K4&6&[\;)HGKU])IPEI4/9E:?!]C:R*ZGU'B)`L8$:



DZ]7VP6AB
4.&$
FMB;



`Z)9@U6]5G/CT9EW=GLNO$[\4E.64


M%$^;12?'(T&HHU9!:(DFE+4'KUZ[U*OQ$?EUPU#C#!!+4
$^8O_'Y*_=O'LI

MNFIO7O



M
S3#T5&`/
M&0?4:33<09IM\))21(SWW`D0#U.&:1<!B:I=O8R\XB9X:WD4CQKZZZ]G'FO

M$%HH1XT3A'/2`4!4[NXQ;]5D7$Z


#G7E*P3/T.EU#)T;&N(Y+0$47G



MI;G&S!GJ4\L63'4J]0-]5.D$IKE;S`SS:8H39S24I^'1(/X$K[Q!A@L8=;M=
MRQ\





1A--:




=2&&`41)M<Q.
/;

-5\8SZ

MCILMMJ#X\[%[\X6Y&-Q00P(04/`=)Q@L\G)@M1J;'
`$8U\@R0J-V`#A%N
M=:[W:$8)@;

M'(L(8-:&!*()2'







M(&\G7%R4>,!7C,2]^$^L;[==4W






MNX*)0_MT'
F
QP8$-Z4


$UE012
MC
&!6VBF::H<09*19CEQ.!VI1SB*^CM
ZJ\?RXM
M.!:TU5[19SW%FTD;X[_VCJ!F0:(*^T45AHPR`Q5E/%*0#G(X








M[EM__6N]:B_-_[&'L&#7N,#XRKJ[1;AN$9OF'*.@7;=!&67.9O[N70A7YJ


MD-EV9$VD+


JT7(AGLO']'L6Z^;9OGW-[
MNWF\66YW_T9Q/NGDE^V`O;XB2.J(

@T

MG2-


9:P=HU1STBUT+-K7!:OJ)0969=#/ET^]
AT#9XFSJ


;)%NCM*_P8
M/]M_LC-T/L;9-LTB_DTO7_M+O?

QOW:8*W&G$+FB;.&2!
1T]TY1&2%
JEO
MW*J=H91FXB
\LN+7V:G+@)%(B;'ORYHGB[E86Z@84(2[6'+:K*PFR]X]\X
M2GWI3

?BEBRX5D.VZX<2)KF0]WAQ;7H4I1

M@0BBI82N4U\M`IBMNUTHC#U;D:)J;90
?D:ML[XKN/P\);[O^TGA\[KZ
M6&`:S26O.



M?.!*B'C20&^%931:O0:Y=MWQ


J8M4-9+P]J56DYS


M$\33!W'E
9(PZLN2.L

G5'6=HHDRZ'XXIA!DHD?F*8K#((B*`MIHB

M;A;V##






(;5&I30$ZBH



L++_X_








8(7R&@HR)]^QM1ARQ8#`3S



M)2?45NX4!E&V(_D-;

MTA)[SID@W








XWR`.NE
#*PQHCI.P$HOC&

E\P[
]X(Z

$





-)`(
M
J.8

M_+B5QQ]1`CI.YG^.X-!BU!#1(
0S+;FP$$(@H3$U3M*?++_S=G:K3MCR.F7P
M8









M[]-17GL@(6!88PL8H0H87NLH2'
#)D9XA]BQQF\/9I[0Q5E?^M[6@3DJ)8*(
M`H7CNJU#R%;SE


?C
M!(KEA_GULDC


M90X!E5C6(@4JM[#A^#.Q9K+H2#W!2D-
`GS+.Z38@6)G9.

/`\W;!2L\D89ICQ8A$G!3:4*JI9S0F^U..-`N^$=<A\;O.@_T-X
MXB)&1D`@--'

M/KJ#O&P:(HTALD1JR32#!&-:+4::=1D#Q9=;.MH!R8&
TX$;SD%D73VZ04
M
^:)
M]TAA:XU0NEJ%,2([=



M'5

MEK.[%*I9+@[IG8

W2/;%:*MY;_CX==Y
M4GS?9\N[XN8?FYN[M


M1EN
X<W2'X-/5<G%=%#<K'^&IIGI2YQSN%(B@7#L

M:UANE
ZM/A?IL72<==N;J\





MP[GDSNMJ982K:4Q:2?89I4KST-S^)O`\Q,0:T\]$]@`*R%'.MX/*E7Y+*3


;N4$H:4GLP#<CE<5D^F?!.%D#MD$!Z:



;;YSX:F.!006FTMP9P#*G$JMFM`WY2L8'.''_:M,]%W&@5+?[/)C9U?;Q



?62MAZ&-4/J[ES':M)ZP6*NN53(`XHL


M+#G)?WP8+!4.[$[U


MC=U@V?-?J\UB7=M:F]W`P
L+C;-([

M'PPJ&A;.
X^\%)8;8343AYT*P!(U;:7-T@8?B#2.%R'%/*7`=HQ&GF8]C3_
M[OZ:[PE6=_T\D&[;S9U-6#]H1P0WTDFDD!:J3D-#=T
D*DM[4?9*+@P7OMG
MSS1B

M:Z
T<]1Q/.&I`CDPP
M))5JN+98.`BIO=(:6B<I=@R`N!)=6&0:D*



MH[L/1HW2\

F$7@[6:QWCRJ:SU
MM.U3&LX\
7BMM
#*Z1L@*12-:3GG1D0AULKE0B\C)PM
+1FPS\H!21)CKB

M/GSYNL_H^KBM?1$S6\[K_=;CR7^MU$@RY7
\

M6T




?
M2/)



TCB&

[X41

NHYIX!A+IW51`/9T(`(



/JC.\6QM+F6+_M0?5B_KW:[Y3Z:M%6K6_.PJ=
C<8F(?@T)B.AF.4$KC2U3F$7;'`EO

MW+QX[%!\F)V9UR$6O5?IMGULH$9P@1BUW'!GK$
6G4)!


EBC_Q

MD#C!@0:&(W[*/N#`]Y\*7#Y4VBNDG\IQ'SV;2XM@9
5RMMTN[A;S`[!N__]A

:`$*N]C0BC]3EMCYQAH-)5Y
M11)'Q^:2`OET9/W)2\O

M*L/'TDKL\2U_YP

]#%SJI=`UI3Z-01A'


MW6RJ?''KC&0?#P`S9(5?OFR07G`
N;1+H`0J.0I:QY9%/+:*YVND*_X


T_J]ER]]E$?M1;_A#9<EOG)&U?=U]Q#K0P5$NK5
4

MID9X#O6*H
LRH;+S8PC;NTP??`^88M@0P3W%GNNH&4A#!P[%I!N[9
=*IV[X


!A;ZDRJE'BVJ#D:0
CQ



S56HG1



NJSCT$0EEJD
M`!5(

MW



O20HRB/0T%!-
MD#[2`F'C7GDEV

9?08D:U--9BUU`?2292TUE'B

M\)(E/:P=%ZXO/4PZSY`@6%@&M-(0(RM/U!0`3P=E/?/_XO2P=A2?5D8.X%2R

39,B9BM8'E!AX1SWFNK&^(C:8T(ZV4
M]=ZH5

.D)P19QPXYI9%J2FKL
M!*YG&AQHYRB94$`E



T(85SKB@]_KO.A][A@H
Q93IAT
M#$(5_XLQ-2?]PTAJ(NQ5G+#C`FT:1\:*U?C\=O4(ERT9?)TVXJ.A9$ST.(G@

M



M0:E

MRA%

;`*;.QGZ]6$S@



MU6J^?-23]?PGSWEE3EH@)?;:&2J=U13`_96YG$@:[=IQY3SA!

'!(A+^.!M\U



M3)K)(/8CB!6O=VOOA48^R#(G\5DX=;I(KU::OSX:-6*&((UQ2&!?4&AY
N/=GV/8S5C?BT\HBT^'5L$C
M(S3&5FBM=,J]MB?7@VN4&W<\H-VZ^_,I#^O[A*_<HV0[5=RE^PPA3H'_%&B
%#/U
M5*PFC\5-YK&FK^!0
QS`H27!H/E3RGVZ=&;.-;)
NM=QL5Q%9H5NOS!+3
M=*1\&L:'A[W\NPR^4W3AN0BO[`Z#)DXB9.(L1(5A3EAIW5%:XT=]%T`'M.M5





G^7WUU?/W

1T+0[#MPP=<N/LVJ1M
MW


M22FCI$0P:Q5$()*3NA(;C66`1Y$]S%7MHEU+YS:#Z]VOSNN8`Y=-&4.^^P
MA5`0F2K^'^1(2\WQV*&6]/DC2VY`LP]65
*JZ;^V\_5\IZ;+-N9
BQ`G?4
D



MWR.R1GAC[%&^Z!^


X\
M'YSG@#O$C8_#I


0J*VLR?BD,&1_T].5?U$R$
MU&#E.%
&$

[$5\@S+DF`4BLF&94
M:T\QQ
!B41U6TE2XL_

MNTE73L

M'
0$


M?5\N']_/GXK9


M'[]'FI_-
L#@OR'8OVS@GQ&QZUINKVZ?C;BB6X3?0P4X-U!0#4FZ&BK:`J&\

3UGCK3%;FAF(

;
M




MO6X;5AVY#L^W675$228)

2&&.UBF+<U-AWSCY4HZV&K*A;R7T[9F
MT%QUM7VCGN)'AY!'0!LLM*
^%6JE%1;$ZA&=\K9+C;P`@DS8NPTCJDXN[WEC
M[&$

02.\P-%#!K*6TEU_XC\.



M



MS.B87)+;]5BVA6

#..:@D8((1ZH&6CON#

.W1(/6\<R;
MU;SISBI[4U0(RMPOD6@RDJ+?9SV/-42:<6(JL8+<7:!ER%ZD2W
`&WAV(=G
M:

A@X)X0#1D@.;(N0.\@F7O=H88JS^33QI&\E^
M8O%WJ.X&Z1;S+_/E3DVU;+G8+D1?6EMIE
:4.2\U\?B('
;9C!EBY'0KC&D3



ML=S67/S?R0@A2&7!`E



XOM5.




7G`&=.


M=S__40I775]OSY



]'*I%HUC2[U*MD._6P`]29S#
ME.[YN-R


-0Q+9Y/4X#Q`1*



M]OE5'%'UT'\OYN.6.#]9[%^?BOV$Z



V:$\3)9
:`3JD87?`G<$

EB%L0?









O3\NP\LY`3T4V7K+4VT'57J2V2M+I!^V



O1!ZRM&)
DZ:$3(`4T%`@%5.R
H88#94G3
]XZY#GAW@CO)%:U3WG6N96D0[(TID[6DD(Y%UU.OC

M*F+5'TA9J\8%)BXI*:&P1MGHT&@3)TU+;.





T

.213W=^


M*X:T%U08Q)AK9

E
D,RK:
MFZ.J#(K::)';017AQ':#4Q(0KB2C%H(#`.R/@ZB(@.2&7_Z#O)OR?A^X!F6

MP[*5U-AM6$*\%QXTT*(U)--WK?MLXL-&\EZ&8?[S)P1&V-B(+!8JVA+.





M%M=CS!1/VPZ8PHMXP@2B0`Q(EZ@U'S]!
/:/+[O[E-.QN!G$7S?5_Z\_





:@&(0HM5)WALQ)P.TMY)/D-@3V?\Y^S;_??S^*_K/G`C)4JLA[`Q0R


2Q^PIMP*


IVX-G?SMX([5F



-8:49
MM][!1KD0F\!]B/@_2HZTT*4SH51!Q'SGI-/&8^.A#425&///YN`OSK@05I

@+NT4D@P8:K4WBOK'91Y
+9:0
+(P&HWMH,
M#GE,H)0DKN2<TY0Z`VKYHO0KXS-:_61]0'0N6CV;\
-?KG:_:A\[E!$:MB.
M!&UD=/Z$9AY@Z2!T1C21/P95:JV%+#






F+
M@NG59;$V3O3C3D&G=R\H@27S2!C.*/0:$LUQC9KB
C72FMN.Q

MHCIO_UZ'XNFQ*QZ)QRMD#18
N(QG%[<2:!+N9K;^=A/JK!P
CB%DN
QIHBB#CCQ'%






TXO)M0-?HD






M1(-H







M.B

E

RM0$AAS/`

M]^F*&X
QN'^^3.=UFR&





M=IGD(A0^!I/-RS93=&(8HH*)*J_+8AA5`AAX/@S2J7?3X=O5E'%I=@QAFA?+
MA'=1V.EL
9U4E=G[C

MXW`@2=W?S^O

:7GBHKU2Z;?ZAK@1SQ:N=TJ0&FQ
MT\!*@9W2B@#C1







MPE/QOJJC='6W%6N8W:Y_4
1?UC_92[*4#H
CTFKF)'5$(ZH]


TQ1ZY-276`[3-QH]K68+Z=Q@[M[W_'[EW*V_L-%
ME&=O9.GHWH(Q
!H9I5@*AJT3U#C88$(L35W=9YC8U2W?^L=Z/_]VG!
_?ZTN



MDUIX2SQ'7$`IB6\.7ZQ%,'DOT7?]:0N::&3JS[\2??C^=@CEU7&4C;P]B3
YJ$Z2VTGG%XR1&-$=.*K:1D7MQ`1FVW:EYVTH[`G58JTQ+9L_/.*GP

&46P;20#



M@Q_WYI*J)9RL\18




UAR+1KY++
']\_C

M?IWB6)S[#B@^/M[
OUW=_3:]G]6GE;.EFDS*U6PYG=U_+!^FDVEQGOCBC\-H


M7*X6.XMC'-

MLG@__5J_*/@N0G;W_)-MI/6W7V_^6\[W5L;NM/\0YQ06M[1Q50J\Q0@;CO@&





M;CG?3%#&I&9`9.1Z1\3:-*5D2M;X^7VI?XD]!N0@UDH3SKCP1G$B-AM5#Q%-
M72N
:PN?%6$3U)(G97VYVA=82NLP(*LX1LI2#J)=.X6
W`#N$H]^,NPAMM(
M)N@E?SXJNZB/FMI8H/.2/M=KX%Z:2V$*MHT(-AZ*;UM
$(&I48.
JP4-P+F

D&`\^0:2!FM4#
-OYZB

M]Y?+X
0]SNN=!28P$CAN_01E&`






M/0^H^&?R.2Z9BOU5B-NU#CJZ;
=?6W#;.9/\2[I='7/=+56:<

M=HVN%`T/]UDIUDDYZM`Z$$800=Y03K2E@!GP?%TXCAD9=4'ZT:`
Z
JN9*1S


MHM
3BM+
P:PQL

MV%2C+-.%O?THD3R

VZ&93\(M

M0V?^T)[BL+5M\(QJ9;$!6%`@/988PS*F@$#
O807M!\-.?F_\FI@F#-%[)3'
MME?K3[/U_?






66J

%
IK;+EZ'@7$*-D*



V^J*]H



:-)U_D_Q?_^UGOTL_MPV

S-K%][/E@


V$AW

M




%
MXDQP+YBJC%)!37+^I@EZ[T9E9\8YR(O[W[.YNLR6O#J]M=QOS$13G
7K+S

MW4*P(T`[Z+D0N



MO;*.F&J$6HC4(CT3U'Y&8
M@N.9@3EG

M!(08:LJ\;EHPK/S`R@07SJ$=\$O6)C[%`C0'P^:GTN(ASSZVB:-HVK-^.Z


MY

!@X





MI272QS5_M%&`1DO-$.








`M`V-.@30[-=1#U`AWANG*K.[N5LO]







6):B3
M_2
CL//-









M

M?@+Q6D4-D!
`
9&.4TEQA8.'[@+.S@9EPS&&C8!U5L[]M5K__6'Y:;VZ+AKC




]_

M0&V$43!^$5=

M8C_:


L&5]A^)&%\OXA_M=;:F]0;WXMQKH-4C_07$JM(5EV@@1582((:M/C`W!
MXP?#7Y`;Z!PSDM

CAX-^%

(<E2Z#PWQ&Y;[3#MK:-I0E7X0WUFK$85GST9I:#960IZIJ
MXCW1:BRTSZ'T=Z?5X1%#XWU+EHV&D&'$%.PUE(MQ:U95X_P24Y']<_
IR%@



MYLA[K?O^O0:*(



!4MT:!DTAMHYX
M[
HS5@DUUJX:K2;Z$C6$$2FQ&A'[':CB5C]?WG7UMNVCH1_TO)^`?:%UX,

T[V\%VP5-/-12TH`()!XRNIY
M(FE2K143BL8Z(=%R0C^**6R+S.+^<S$KJVJYS6`/7_4]VXPAZDADG.&7<0
M.@&:_1M`FWI9LW.PU^UUTY#LIS@CT$ROUP5\_O%UJE_\WR]FBW*./\(Q6]Q

MWML@MXVY^0CO]JNG`V.:`4.



MS)LG(R!.
T8
^*W?2%`!8-:29YTMUYV]E(E=AZB_(Q&)C;#BE(!(1`O*#NV@N_
M_1)6R:.ITM]ET4<ZPVX<U[/%_3R.SOW[:;Y^_G,Q7Y=9'11[^F_;``XT40C
M8:3B1!AGG955?A@8]W-KA#*2M]X13!_UP1*&'ST?#!340RL]=
8`HI#'I!XO
MTOQ2*L]E$=DR/Z!)$:KOW[W]7Q46N5Q$*/XHUNOM'K!U4&QB9W^/K8I#Q0I[
M=AO`!CF@G%#
`

M8D`=%%7-O^WL(5*72[F!2)*)F4G2&9&;7^_BWQ^7BS_64=O9C/CKHOA2/'[?
M:T


%JDP9
MQ!@J:(3%4!IE&D%AZ2X@V\M%,#I98F,8RE^'DG^N&#+_L%Y\6Y,0U39&-&.:
M2,.D4IZ_FIV6EU*1)]OQ*C.@IZ)+:SGXCQL%9)'UB!`B&)41/JI0`YGVY`)4
MS'Q/H(U2:B.=A&PSF%1EL6Z_/!SV=8DQ*V<:N^0E


M!OG4N^@3TI8'(
O^\?[A$&<`A?#8<
FQPX025YLD-10D]5K*
M!/

MRS78]#P@IR(X&@-:MXQ73X7(7@.$(E(BH+%!A`/5S$'BRHDFRW?9)/PFT





M!=3D\*F9Q2GIW]+(TV:EZ!MI&@BQ;

MST!]'6!/R83R&)Z8ZAC^:5&N5T_;?!V[HCV;W`*W5\7JII+K_:&,CL=W$HSF
ME9(FE%72:P&M-K6R9@@%J::WJ958RLJSP6'.].EZ8]*)@YDO;^<W5[/GQ^V/
MU2/'?\^.ZP@;P#A$I+B::0<#J*'`#)4E5A*:6K&J
3UQ^N$]PN6R]N4!T
M/



;__$?4U];-8165M0^C=8*Y7
4=E33RN=2#*
M
B($B+.1BG)(H=S-!2:GU3V#)===G
?D8^L%[PD6V;M?37+%:28!8\93XXQS
M+I[IM
SOU_JV2=F#,V<+-O.RYN'9?FT*@XL
MO2-:!0H]


X_R.
TN]R`0C@A

MQ.3XNS.CE=_FZQ_Q^2JX[VG]8[E-HY*+R&WO5PIXC'C#B`.D160./B(W-
'VT^-?$3YW=U?<K.<_*W`KOT-W#K=T

S$][

BI2'?9E?^YS^J
MA[_'-1)_^!]02P

M
34P.3
_/RU#[P%2A@C^N#<Z.-KS(/9)@/#\X]ZW


&4'!.
HZ6^0
#I

L*
`^QG*C_5

MHA';GP.P4OKN'XWV3T9[7FPUU\0'7)EI46=MP4



M+AVYO4S%4KL5Q*%ATA+;Z#WXS9R%$M^C0ON4IS-1-E#OTP8MF+T@*RYE/'




_7/U:
M&X]V?R9F475_EC




7;(=AUUZ9.M:S-C;^643]H-_;H!I




!?#$P]307J;;G1!

MW

MF+T!M3%I`_XHFXYDWY

MD3EJ





_N7@R7LUC6OY

BSB*'?FB`$]1$JJR:S:N[;`U):U




4_K
M:LUV5YNWN-E=)HFT)VD^J39^4EQ!C-JQ?-U@G5\6OJ[CA10';-3T\KF6YZ
M%A.RJ])L/F\W-Y]$!
\OR.#)2Z`\&$LQ6$TKA)]F
^'H)[
)AJ+3^5+C.;PA

M^[FLGA*V

IOHF^U
-!'2BZ7
AM143L4ED=1+
M1/426;U4V

MK)B'ZRL1&(CNB8-Q0%;!2=WQ`BS%Y-G'``:V(/JPM.P.T-W@U3*WHOY*W3

OXKH-CLK1
(/Z2AJG-Z&GEGJQ]
ML(MVO#9?)]R,O=DYU#9\NUG!L`AHB;S:F7HE%,5S)8)L5-]'BMHK<IL$?6$

U64%\/=+*M,(!]G9@YD[#Y



R]K
MP]*0T];=C6B-:&\=[&H5JD_*05B\X&


JOL`IMMW:N!

M^6


M=*H&=(;.DS=M[=%V2-79&1;D=`=MZ6'3/NT;AM\PA3Z98_2GNM;
^23_IO+M
M*!TE9_??^0L81*'$J



M4./K;NK2KLK/I0G`P;O6SF


%;5
MKX7N&94
X'0[':D\US=X@)0C)DQB+
(;0']`:7#)+2T%1:V(.PVIU*!X+L97






A@?C%5-
L@LE

M

MI6D@SWR`OP@'(C:'X4M
MEG71O^I`7[N`4WY.'B`6_O
:RL-'YO!6ELLD;R'HFJ_7:O4%/*%EM/R&`\1\


M%:9PV;W*^1;.7.\-2G9N+:+9^R3JW8

=)V+&.]EK00:E`_



M)Q']\G7A

5#^!9I=$



M]:B\[Z`VOXL!8'T687\!A;034$6EY7T'?'3L-J]%@U]2LCPG
MD0B9$W/TWF
M#(KY5'(ZPQ?(%R3(%U_D#O+)3
1^^?K$+AG^1/NOLQ@Y7X:JA5


PDG]E3?)W9<2R(^W@4'Q-

M]=-


6*/I%

M==%S(W:_.S:
!
L%0)NJA/)-.8
D=94:/^O(/2B\E;'#.5A:\_[J;LY6\4
]];`B[%KQ;:%D_1<:2


H*_




M*D2G2OSS)EX5+GRBNPV#?X-FV:0E?A;E9R9%Y'2`*KM'YLPZ'SZ(_H8M.U

MJJ/;DYLA[N3GK7*%\_^[NY;FMD$@_)/:4T^]Q)-DZD-CCZ.T9\7&CQG'\DAR




4?#.Y?I_(;+KH^8T<93(KF<X
M\^
28JP\\L
4D]43EFER#6








KGZZ]H0S
E['1BHIH




M



;V2C`:.F#N52
MY])/PGFBYCN`T0C#/7AN34UCO-Q57-M($T!/PC.%T::-`];Z].)CR%/
)1
MDL='Y;

M?_KCOOY#2!DZSWYB.F?_P%02P$'@

#$U
#DS


#$U
#DS

:_U56
M=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`06QY1V\9%VZ)S0``:DL*`!4`

C`Q-3`Y
S!?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#&O]5



#$U
#DS

:


C`Q-3`Y

:_U56

`
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Sep. 30
 2015
Nov. 16
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015













 Inc.













































  2015


































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



080
447






































421
540
228







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.

























































The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
Receivables
 net




































The entire disclosure for supplemental balance sheet disclosures
 including descriptions and amounts for assets
 liabilities
 and equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost Recognized


















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions


























Business acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

239.2)


564.1)
























































































248.7)


793.6)
















896.5


385.6





Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs



















225.1)


































Other
 net





































372.4


484.2























Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Year








Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year

















Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions


























Business acquisitions
 net of cash acquired

060.5)


329.1)


























































































513.0)
















896.5


385.6





Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs



















221.7)


































Other
 net





































375.8


485.5























Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Year








Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year

















Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions


























Business acquisitions
 net of cash acquired




















































































































Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs





















































Other
 net






























































Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Year








Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year

















Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions


























Business acquisitions
 net of cash acquired




















































































































Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs





















































Other
 net






























































Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Year








Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year

















Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions


























Business acquisitions
 net of cash acquired




















































































































Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of common stock
 net of issuance costs








Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
 net of issuance costs





















































Other
 net






























































Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Beginning of Year








Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year









































Proceeds From Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Equity Portion
 Net




























Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Debt Portion
 Gross




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.



















































































































This item represents disclosure of the amount of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The cash outflow for a loan
 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.




























The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of or advances to an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 and joint venture or equity method investment) or the acquisition of an additional interest in a subsidiary (controlled entity).




























The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























The cash inflow associated with collection
 whether partial or full
 of long-term loans to a related party. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances to Affiliates.

























































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a business segment or subsidiary or sale of an entity that is related to it but not strictly controlled during the period (for example
 an unconsolidated subsidiary
 affiliate
 joint venture or equity method investment).




























The cash inflow from the amounts received by the insured under the terms of an insurance contract settlement. This element pertains only to insurance proceeds related to investments
 for example fixed assets. It excludes insurance settlements classified as operating cash flows.






















































































The cash inflow from a borrowing with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer).




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013
























Amount of tax (expense) benefit
 after reclassification adjustments
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss related to pension and other postretirement defined benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







In September 2015
 the Company announced its plan to close its Dymatize manufacturing facility located in Farmers Branch
In May 2015
 the Company announced its plan to consolidate its cereal business administrative offices in Lakeville
 Minnesota. As a result of the announcement
 the Company plans to close its office located in Parsippany
 New Jersey and relocate those functions as well as certain functions located in Battle Creek
In March 2015
 the Company announced its plan to close its facility in Boise
 Idaho
In April 2013
 the Company announced management&#8217;s decision to close its plant located in Modesto
 California as part of a cost savings and capacity rationalization effort. The transfer of production capabilities and closure of the plant was completed during September 2014
 and no additional restructuring costs were incurred in the year ended September 30
Amounts related to the restructuring events are shown in the following table. Costs are recognized in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations with the exception of the accelerated depreciation expense  recorded in fiscal years 2014 and 2013
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Related to the closure of its Modesto
 California facility
 the Company has land
 building and equipment classified as assets held for sale as of September 30
 2015 and 2014. Related to the manufacturing shutdown of its Dymatize facility
 the Company has machinery and equipment classified as assets held for sale as of September 30
 as of September 30
 2015 and 2014
 respectively. Held for sale losses of 
 respectively
 to adjust the carrying value of the assets to their fair value less estimated selling costs. The held for sale losses recorded in fiscal 2015 include amounts related to the Modesto facility and Dymatize machinery and equipment
 as well as held for sale losses of its facilities located in Portales
 New Mexico (sold on July 29
 2015) and Boise
 Idaho (sold on September 22
 2015)
 trademark (sold on July 1
 2015)
 all of which were classified as held for sale during fiscal 2015. The losses are reported as &#8220;Other operating expenses
 net&#8221; on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.



































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
 -Subsection 3
 4








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







In September 2015
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2015-16
&#160;Business Combinations (Topic 805): Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement-Period Adjustments.&#160;The standard requires that adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination be recorded in the period such adjustments are determined
 rather than retrospectively adjusting previously reported amounts. ASU&#160;2015-16&#160;is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. Post early adopted this ASU at September 30
In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&#160;2015-11
 Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory (Topic 330).&#160;The standard requires most inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value (&#8220;NRV&#8221;)
 thereby simplifying the previous guidance under which an entity must measure inventory at the lower of cost or market. Market is defined as replacement cost
 NRV
 or NRV less a normal profit margin. The ASU will not apply to inventory that is measured using either the last-in
 first-out method or the retail inventory method. ASU&#160;2015-11&#160;is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those years
 beginning after December 15
 2016
In the quarter ended June 30
 2015
In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-03 &#8220;Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs
&#8221; which changes the presentation of debt issuance costs in financial statements. The standards update requires an entity to present debt issuance costs in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the related debt liability rather than as an asset. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-15 &#8220;Presentation and Subsequent Measurement of Debt issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
&#8221; which indicates the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;) staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements as an asset and subsequently amortizing the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. ASU 2015-03 requires retrospective application and is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. The Company has not determined the date of adoption
 however
 at September 30
 2015
 the amount of deferred financing fees reported as an asset
 excluding amounts related to our line-of-credit arrangement
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), which will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The standard's core principle is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015
 FASB issued ASU 2015-14
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers: Deferral of the Effective Date&#8221; to defer for one year the effective date of the new revenue standard
 making it effective for annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15
 2017 (i.e. Post&#8217;s financial statements for the year ending September 30
 2019)
 and adoption is not permitted prior to the original effective date of the ASU (i.e. Post&#8217;s financial statements for the year ending September 30
 2018). Entities will have the option of using either a full retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company is currently in the process of determining the method of adoption and evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.




































The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles
 including adoption of new accounting pronouncements
 that describes the new methods
 amount and effects on financial statement line items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







In late 2008 and early 2009
 some 22 class-action lawsuits were filed in various federal&#160;courts against Michael Foods
 Inc. and approximately 20 other defendants (producers of shell eggs
 manufacturers of processed egg products
 and egg industry organizations)
 alleging violations of federal and state antitrust laws in connection with the production and sale of shell eggs and egg products
 and seeking unspecified damages. In December 2008
 the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ordered the transfer of all cases to the Eastern District of Pennsylvania for coordinated and/or consolidated pretrial proceedings. Between late 2010 and early 2012
 a number of companies
 each of which would be part of the purported class in the antitrust action
 brought separate actions against defendants. These &#8220;opt-out&#8221; cases
 brought primarily by various grocery chains and food companies
 assert the same allegations as in the main action. The opt-out cases are also pending in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania where they are being treated as related to the main action. On September 18
 2015
 the court denied the motion of the Indirect Purchaser Plaintiffs for class certification. On September 21
 2015
 the court granted the motion of the Direct Purchaser Plaintiffs to certify a shell-egg subclass
Michael Foods received a Civil Investigative Demand (&#8220;CID&#8221;) issued by the Florida Attorney General on November 27
 2008
 regarding an investigation of possible anticompetitive activities &#8220;relating to the production and sale of eggs or egg products.&#8221; The CID requested information and documents related to the pricing and supply of shell eggs and egg products
Post does not believe it is possible to estimate the possible loss in connection with these litigated matters. Accordingly
 the Company cannot predict what impact
 if any
&#160;The Company is subject to various other legal proceedings and actions arising in the normal course of business. In the opinion of management
 based upon the information presently known
 the ultimate liability
 if any
 arising from such pending legal proceedings
 as well as from asserted legal claims and known potential legal claims which are likely to be asserted
 taking into account established accruals for estimated liabilities (if any)
 are not expected to be material individually and in the aggregate to the consolidated financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. In addition
 while it is difficult to estimate the potential financial impact of actions regarding expenditures for compliance with regulatory matters
 in the opinion of management
 based upon the information currently available
 the ultimate liability arising from such compliance matters is not expected to be material to the consolidated financial position
Post&#8217;s operations are also subject to various federal
 state and local laws and regulations with respect to environmental matters
 including air quality
 wastewater discharge and pretreatment
 storm water
 waste handling and disposal
 and other regulations intended to protect public health and the environment. In the United States
 the laws and regulations include the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. The Company&#8217;s foreign facilities are subject to local and national regulations similar to those applicable to us in the United States. Additionally
 many of the Michael Foods facilities discharge wastewater pursuant to wastewater discharge permits. The Company disposes of waste from its internal egg production primarily by transferring it to farmers for use as fertilizer and disposes of solid waste from potato processing primarily by transferring it to one or more processors who convert it to animal feed. Post has made
 and will continue to make
September&#160;30
 2015
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 and thereafter
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
Balance
Write-offs
Balance
 end of year














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013













166



























980


502







719









638)









603)
















Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Vested
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price










300
000


300
000


300
000























000


















665


613







000









997)









951)
















Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Vested
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price










400
000


800
000


100
000






























































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Year Ended September&#160;30
Year Ended September&#160;30
State income taxes
Other
 related to the non-deductible goodwill impairment loss
 resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of Internal Revenue Code (&#8220;IRC&#8221;) section 162(m)
 resulting from non-deductible outside service expenses incurred in relation to merger and acquisition transactions
 resulting from recording valuation allowances against the net deferred tax assets of various subsidiaries
 resulting from the receipt of non-taxable interest income
 related to the non-deductible goodwill impairment loss
 resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of IRC section 162(m)
 resulting from non-deductible outside service expenses incurred in relation to merger and acquisition transactions
  resulting from recording a valuation allowance against the net deferred tax assets of a Canadian subsidiary
 of incremental tax expense resulting from non-deductible compensation in accordance with the provisions of IRC section 162(m)
For fiscal 2015 and 2013
 the effective tax rate was reduced by the effects of the Domestic Production Activities Deduction (&#8220;DPAD&#8221;) of 
September 30
September 30
Accrued vacation
Net operating loss carryforwards
Total gross deferred income taxes
Net operating loss carryforwards
Total gross deferred income taxes
(1
(1
(1
As of September 30
 2015
 Post had federal net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforwards totaling approximately 
Certain of these NOLs and carryforwards were acquired through acquisitions made during fiscal 2013 and 2014. As a result of these ownership changes
 the deductibility of the NOLs is subject to limitation under section 382 of the IRC and similar limitations under state tax law. Giving consideration to the section 382 and state limitations
 at September 30
For fiscal 2015
 2014 and 2013
 foreign income (loss) before income taxes was 
 
The Company recognizes the tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities. The tax benefits recognized from such positions are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. To the extent the Company&#8217;s assessment of such tax positions changes
Unrecognized tax benefits activity for the years ended September&#160;30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
Unrecognized tax benefits
 September 30
The amount of the net unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 at September&#160;30
 2015. The Company believes that
 due to expiring statutes of limitations and settlements with authorities
 at September 30
 2015 and September 30
 2014
 respectively. The Company had net expense of approximately 
 for interest and penalties in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30
 2015
 2014 and 2013
Based on the provisions of the Tax Allocation Agreement between Post and its former owner
 the former owner retained responsibility for income tax liabilities and income tax returns related to all periods prior to the separation date of February 3
 2012. U.S. federal
 U.S. state and Canadian income tax returns for the tax years ended September 30
 2014
For the acquisitions made in 2015
 2014 and 2013
 the seller generally retained responsibility for all income tax liabilities through the date of acquisition. With respect to the Michael Foods acquisition
 Post assumed all income tax liabilities for those jurisdictions which remain subject to examination
 consisting of tax years 2012 through the short year ended June 2
 2014
 the date of acquisition.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations
 Income Tax Reconciliation [Abstract]





















































State income taxes
 net of effect on federal tax












































Other
 net (none in excess of 5% of computed tax)

















Effective Income Tax Rate
 Continuing Operations
 Tax Rate Reconciliation [Abstract]






























ffective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Uncertain Tax Positions
 Amount



















































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.













































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax exempt income
 equity in earnings (loss) of an unconsolidated subsidiary
 minority noncontrolling interest income (loss)
 tax holiday
 disposition of a business
 disposition of an asset
 repatriation of foreign earnings
 repatriation of foreign earnings jobs creation act of 2004
 increase (decrease) in enacted tax rate
 prior year income taxes
 increase (decrease) in deferred tax asset valuation allowance
 and other adjustments.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







On October 1
 2014
 the Company completed its acquisition of the&#160;
&#160;subject to a working capital adjustment
. In March 2015
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. PowerBar is reported in Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
 the Company has recorded 
 respectively
 for the fiscal year ended September 30
 2015. On July 1
 2015
On November 1
 2014
. ABC is a manufacturer of peanut butter for national brands
 private label retail and industrial markets and provider of peanut blanching
 granulation and roasting services for the commercial peanut industry. ABC is reported in Post&#8217;s Private Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the preliminary purchase price allocation
 years. ABC&#8217;s operations have been integrated into the Company&#8217;s existing peanut butter business
 and due to the level of integration
On May 4
 2015
 Post completed its acquisition of MOM Brands
$1
 million shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the former owners of MOM Brands. The shares were valued at the May 1
. In September 2015
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
 resulting in an amount back to the Company of approximately 
 respectively
 for the year ended September 30
 2015. Based upon the preliminary purchase price allocation
Each of the acquisitions was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the results of operations are included in the financial statements from the date of acquisition. The respective purchase prices were allocated to acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
Certain estimated values for the MOM Brands acquisition
 including goodwill
 intangible assets
 inventory and deferred taxes
The following table provides the allocation of the purchase price based upon the fair value of assets and liabilities assumed for each acquisition completed in fiscal 2015. Measurement period adjustments have been made to the allocation of purchase price for current year acquisitions since the date of acquisition related to working capital settlements and the final determination of workers compensation
1
On January 1
 2014
 Post completed its acquisition of all the stock of Agricore United Holdings Inc. (&#8220;Agricore&#8221;) from Viterra Inc. Agricore is the parent company of Dakota Growers
 a manufacturer of dry pasta for the private label
 in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
. In May 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. Dakota Growers is reported in Post&#8217;s Michael Foods Group segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
On February 1
 2014
 Post completed its acquisition of Dymatize
 a manufacturer and marketer of premium protein powders
 in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
. In September 2015
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
 resulting in a payment to the Company of 
 was recorded as &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; Dymatize is reported in Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
On February 1
 2014
 Post completed its acquisition of Golden Boy
 a manufacturer of private label peanut and other nut butters
&#160;in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
. In May 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. Golden Boy is reported in Post&#8217;s Private Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
 years
 years
On June 2
 2014
 the Company completed its acquisition of Michael Foods from affiliates of GS Capital Partners
 affiliates of Thomas H. Lee Partners and other owners
 which is reported in Post&#8217;s Michael Foods Group segment (see Note 20). Michael Foods manufactures and distributes egg products and refrigerated potato products and also distributes cheese and other dairy case products to the retail
$2
450.0
$2
. In August 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital and other adjustments was reached
. Based upon the purchase price allocation
$1
On August 1
 2014
 Post Foods
 LLC
 a subsidiary of the Company
. The brand is reported as part of the Post Consumer Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
 years. In addition to the intangibles acquired
Each of the acquisitions was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the results of operations of each are included in the financial statements from the date of acquisition. The respective purchase prices were allocated to acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the following table and discussed above. Goodwill represents the value the Company expects to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and the expansion of the business into new growing segments of the industry. The Company does not expect the final fair value of goodwill related to the acquisitions of Dakota Growers
1
1
2
The following table summarizes the provisional amounts recognized related to fiscal 2014 acquisitions as of September&#160;30
 2014
 as well as measurement period adjustments made in the year ended September&#160;30
 2015 (all of which were recorded in the quarter ended March 31
 2015). All purchase price allocations for fiscal 2014 acquisitions are final as of September 30
Acquisition Date Amounts Recognized as of September 30
Adjustments During the Twelve Months Ended September 30
1
1
1
1
3
3
Adjustments during the year ended September 30
(a) As previously reported in Post&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 11
(b) The adjustments to &#8220;Receivables
On December 31
 2012
 the Company purchased substantially all of the assets of Attune Foods
 of cash. On May 28
 2013
 the Company completed its acquisition of certain assets of the branded and private label cereal
 of cash. The Company integrated this business with the Attune business and the combined results are reported in the Private Brands segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocations for the Attune and Hearthside acquisitions
&#160;years
 years
On September 3
 2013
 of cash. PNC is reported in Post&#8217;s Active Nutrition segment (see Note 20). Based upon the purchase price allocation
&#160;years
&#160;years
&#160;years. During the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 a final settlement of net working capital was reached
 and a corresponding increase in goodwill. In addition
 during the second quarter of fiscal 2014
Each of the acquisitions was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting
 whereby the results of operations of each are included in the financial statements from the date of acquisition. The respective purchase prices were allocated to acquired assets and liabilities based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition
 and any excess was allocated to goodwill
 as shown in the following table. Goodwill represents the value the Company expects to achieve through the implementation of operational synergies and the expansion of the business into new growing segments of the industry. The Company expects that the final fair value of goodwill will be fully deductible for U.S. income tax purposes for the Attune and Hearthside acquisitions.  The goodwill generated by Post&#8217;s acquisition of PNC will not be tax deductible for U.S. income tax purposes
 however
During the years ended September 30
 2015
 2014 and 2013
 the Company incurred acquisition related expenses of 
&#160;
 respectively
 recorded as &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; These costs include amounts for transactions that were signed
 spending for due diligence on potential acquisitions that were not signed or announced at the time of the Company&#8217;s annual reporting
 and spending for divestiture transactions. 
 for the periods presented as if the fiscal 2015 acquisitions had occurred on October 1
 2013
 the fiscal 2014 acquisitions had occurred on October&#160;1
 2012 and the fiscal 2013 acquisitions had occurred on October 1
 2011 along with certain pro forma adjustments. These pro forma adjustments give effect to the amortization of certain definite-lived intangible assets
 adjusted depreciation based upon fair value of assets acquired
 interest expense related to the financing of the business combinations
 inventory revaluation adjustment on acquired business and related income taxes. The following unaudited pro forma information has been prepared for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they would have been had the acquisitions occurred on the assumed dates
5
5
3
874.7







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Balance
 September 30
1
1
1
1
1
1
Balance
 September 30
1
1
3
1
1
2
Balance
 September 30
1
1
3
1
1
3
Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of acquired businesses over the fair market value of their identifiable net assets. The Company conducts a goodwill impairment qualitative assessment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The goodwill impairment qualitative assessment requires an assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of the business is less than its carrying amount. If adverse qualitative trends are identified that could negatively impact the fair value of the business
 a quantitative goodwill impairment test is performed. In fiscal years 2015
 2014 and 2013
 of the calculation for all reporting units
). The income approach is based on discounted future cash flows and requires significant assumptions
 including estimates regarding future revenue
 profitability
 of the calculation for all reporting units
) is based on a market multiple (revenue and EBITDA which stands for earnings before interest
 income taxes
 depreciation
As of September 30
 2015
As of September 30
 2014
 primarily resulting from the acceleration of declines within the branded ready-to-eat cereal category. Additionally
 resulting from reduced near-term profitability related to supply chain disruptions at Dymatize
 which were identified subsequent to the initial valuation at the acquisition date of February 1
 2014
For the year ended September 30
 2013
 the Company conducted an impairment review and concluded that there was no impairment of goodwill as of September 30
 2013. 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Basic (loss) earnings per share is based on the average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted (loss) earnings per share is based on the average number of shares used for the basic per share calculation
 adjusted for the dilutive effect of stock options
 stock appreciation rights and restricted stock equivalents using the &#8220;treasury stock&#8221; method. The impact of potentially dilutive convertible preferred stock is calculated using the &#8220;if-converted&#8221; method. The Company&#8217;s tangible equity units (&#8220;TEUs&#8221;) (see Note 18) are assumed to be settled at the minimum settlement amount for weighted-average shares for basic (loss) earnings per share. For diluted (loss) earnings per share
 the shares
 to the extent dilutive
Year ended September 30
Year ended September 30














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions




Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Earnings Per Share
 Diluted

















































Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Diluted
































































































































































































































Earnings Per Share
 Diluted










































































Earnings Per Share
 Diluted



































































































Earnings Per Share
 Diluted





















































Dilutive Securities
 Effect on Weighted Average Basic Shares Outstanding













































































































































































Net Income or Loss Available to Common Stockholders plus adjustments resulting from the assumption that dilutive convertible securities were converted
 options or warrants were exercised
 or that other shares were issued upon the satisfaction of certain conditions.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.

























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014









Tangible Equity Units
 Number of Units Issued

875
000





Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs

900
000







600
000





Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Commont Stock













Weighted-average Price Settlement
 Trading Days
 Settlement




















Tangible Equity Units
 Carrying Amount






Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross

700
000





Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs

600
000







100
000



















Tangible Equity Units
 Carrying Amount






Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross

800
000





Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs

300
000







500
000





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement Rate per Unit




















Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross

500
000



















Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Commont Stock






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement Rate per Unit




















Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement Rate per Unit




















Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs




















Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs



000)

















Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs



000)

















Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs




















Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs



000)

















Tangible Equity Units
 Issuance Costs



000)



Long Term Debt
 Current Maturities | Tangible Equity Units Equity Component













Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross






Long Term Debt
 Current Maturities | Tangible Equity Units Debt Component













Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross



300
000



Long Term Debt
 Current Maturities | Tangible Equity Units













Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross



300
000

















Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross




















Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross



500
000

















Proceeds from Issuance of Tangible Equity Units
 Gross



500
000





















100
000










































100
000



Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Common Stock
 Range One [Member]













Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Commont Stock






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement Rate per Unit






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Common Stock
 Range Two [Member] | Maximum













Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Commont Stock






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Common Stock
 Range Two [Member] | Minimum













Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Commont Stock






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Common Stock
 Range Three [Member]













Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement
 Market Value of Commont Stock






Tangible Equity Unit
 Equity Component
 Settlement Rate per Unit


















































































































































































































































Tangible Equity Units
 Number of Units Issued

























































Weighted-average Price Settlement
 Trading Days
 Settlement




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013














































































































































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.






















































































The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013











Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued

















Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Increases Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions








Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decreases Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions








Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Decrease Resulting from Settlements with Taxing Authorities


























Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Expense



















































































































































































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Willamette Egg [Member] | Business Acquisition
 Acquiree [Domain]


















Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
Balance
 September 30
 2015




































Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Property
 plant and equipment

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]








Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

737.7


121.0














Property
 net

333.2

























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]








Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]








Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]


























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]


























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]








Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]


























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]


























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]








Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

















Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]


























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]


























Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net [Abstract]








Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

















Property
 plant and equipment


























Property
 plant and equipment








Noncash Acquisition
 Net Nonmonetary Assets Acquired












Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.






















































































The cash outflow for purchases of and capital improvements on property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
September 30
The following table represents the fair value of Post&#8217;s long-term debt which is not recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
September 30
September 30
4
2
4
3
The fair value hierarchy is based on inputs to valuation techniques that are used to measure fair value that are either observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from independent sources
&#160;&#8212; Inputs are quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in an active market
 quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active
The deferred compensation investment is invested primarily in mutual funds and its fair value is measured using the market approach. This investment is in the same funds and purchased in substantially the same amounts as the participants&#8217; selected investment options (excluding Post common stock equivalents)
 which represent the underlying liabilities to participants in the Company&#8217;s deferred compensation plans. Deferred compensation liabilities are recorded at amounts due to participants in cash
 based on the fair value of participants&#8217; selected investment options (excluding certain Post common stock equivalents to be distributed in shares) using the market approach. The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its derivative assets
As stated previously (see Note 4)
 the Company has land
 building and equipment classified as assets held for sale as of September 30
 2015 and 2014 related to the closure of its Modesto
 California facility as well as equipment held for sale at September 30
 2015 related to the closure of its Dymatize facility. At September 30
 2015 and September 30
 2014
 the carrying value and estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell of the assets held for sale was&#160;
 respectively
&#160;and is included in &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The&#160;fair value&#160;of the assets held for sale&#160;related to the Modesto
 California facility were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis based on a third-party offer to purchase the facility. The&#160;fair value&#160;of the assets held for sale&#160;related to the Dymatize machinery and equipment was measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis based on information provided by external sources
 along with management&#8217;s own assumptions. The&#160;fair value&#160;measurement was categorized as&#160;Level 3
The carrying amounts reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables and accounts payable approximate fair value because of the short maturities (less than 12 months) of these financial instruments.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







In May 2014
 TEUs
. Each TEU is comprised of a prepaid stock purchase contract and a senior amortizing note due June 1
 2017. The prepaid common stock purchase contracts were recorded as additional paid-in capital
 net of issuance costs
 and the senior notes have been recorded as long-term debt. Issuance costs associated with the debt component were recorded as deferred financing costs within &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; and &#8220;Other assets&#8221; on the consolidated balance sheets and are being amortized using the effective interest rate method over the term of the instrument to June 1
 2017. Post allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the TEUs to equity and debt based on the relative fair values of the respective components of each TEU. The proceeds received in the offering were 
 which were net of financing fees of 
&#160;per annum and has a final installment payment date on June 1
&#160;per amortizing note on March&#160;1
 June 1
 September&#160;1 and December&#160;1 of each year. Payments commenced on September&#160;1
 2014. Each installment constitutes a payment of interest and a partial repayment of principal. Unless settled earlier at the holder&#8217;s or the Company&#8217;s option
 each purchase contract will automatically settle on June 1
 2017 (subject to postponement in certain limited circumstances)
 shares of its common stock per purchase contract
 each subject to adjustment. For each purchase contract
&#160;consecutive trading day period beginning on
 and including
 the 22nd scheduled trading day immediately preceding June&#160;1
&#160;per share (the &#8220;threshold appreciation price&#8221;)
 subject to adjustment
&#160;shares of common stock
&#160;per share
 subject to adjustment
&#160;per share (the &#8220;reference price&#8221;)
 subject to adjustment
&#160;per share
 subject to adjustment
&#160;shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment (the &#8220;maximum settlement rate&#8221;)
&#160;














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
4
4
3
3
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Year Ended September 30
2
2
1
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
Year Ended September 30
1
Selling
Other operating expenses
 net




POST HOLDINGS
September 30
Receivables
1
Property
1
1
2
3
Other intangible assets
2
2
1
(1
6
(6
8
7
(7
9
4
4
1
(1
5
1
(1
6
2
6
(6
2
8
7
(7
9
September 30
Receivables
1
Property
2
2
Other intangible assets
2
2
1
(1
5
(5
7
6
(6
7
3
3
1
(1
4
1
(1
5
2
5
(5
2
7
6
(6
7
731.1




POST HOLDINGS
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
(1
(1
(1
1
1
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
(1
(1
Other
1
1
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
(3
(3
(3
(3
2
2
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Proceeds from issuance of common stock
Proceeds from issuance of equity component of tangible equity units
Other
3
3
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Year Ended September 30
Business acquisitions
Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock
Other
Cash and Cash Equivalents
Cash and Cash Equivalents
 End of Year




































Tabular disclosure of condensed balance sheet
 including
 but not limited to
 balance sheets of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed cash flow statement
 including
 but not limited to
 cash flow statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.




























Tabular disclosure of condensed income statement
 including
 but not limited to
 income statements of consolidated entities and consolidation eliminations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







September 30
Balance
Write-offs
Balance
 end of year




































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014























Receivables
 net





























781.7


219.0



Property
 net

333.2







072.8


886.7



Other intangible assets
 net

969.3


643.0












220.4


731.1








































511.4


830.5



















244.4


447.9

















Preferred Stock
 Value
 Issued






Common stock
 $0.01 par value
 300.0 shares authorized
 62.1 and 44.8 shares outstanding
 respectively








538.8


669.3

















Treasury stock
 at cost
 1.8 shares in each year








976.0


283.2





220.4


731.1




































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt
 after unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying amount of long-term debt
 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).

























































Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. For a classified balance sheet represents the current portion only (the noncurrent portion has a separate concept); there is a separate and distinct element for unclassified presentations.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Jun. 30
 2015
Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Mar. 31
 2014
Dec. 31
 2013
Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013


Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions


























309.8


211.8


052.7


073.9


043.1








648.2


411.1


034.1





















473.8


789.9























174.4







Selling
 general and administrative expenses










































































Other operating expenses
 net

















































Interest expense
 net
































































































































































































































Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions



































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses










































































Other operating expenses
 net

















































Interest expense
 net
































































































































































































































Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions










































177.2


170.1























082.8


588.2























094.4







Selling
 general and administrative expenses










































































Other operating expenses
 net

















































Interest expense
 net
































































































































































































































Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions



































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses










































































Other operating expenses
 net

















































Interest expense
 net
































































































































































































































Condensed Financial Statements
 Captions



































































































Selling
 general and administrative expenses










































































Other operating expenses
 net

















































Interest expense
 net











































































































































































































Income (Loss) From Continuing Operations
 Before Equity Method Investments
 Net of Taxes




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.






















































































Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets
 other than goodwill.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations
 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.


























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The net amount of other income and expense amounts
 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







&#160;&#8212; The consolidated financial statements include the operations of Post Holdings
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 which require certain elections as to accounting policy
 estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amount of net revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Significant accounting policy elections
 estimates and assumptions include
 among others
 pension and benefit plan assumptions
 valuation assumptions of goodwill and other intangible assets
The Company uses the acquisition method in accounting for acquired businesses. Under the acquisition method
 our financial statements reflect the operations of an acquired business starting from the completion of the acquisition. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective estimated fair values at the date of the acquisition. Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.
 Receivables are reported at net realizable value. This value includes appropriate allowances for doubtful accounts
 cash discounts
 and other amounts which the Company does not ultimately expect to collect. The Company determines its allowance for doubtful accounts based on historical losses and the economic status of
 and its relationship with its customers
&#8212; Inventories
 other than flocks
 are generally valued at the lower of average cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Reported amounts have been reduced by an allowance for obsolete product and packaging materials based on a review of inventories on hand compared to estimated future usage and sales. Flock inventory represents the cost of purchasing and raising chicken flocks to egg laying maturity. The costs included in our flock inventory include the costs of the chicks
 the feed fed to the birds and the labor and overhead costs incurred to operate the pullet facilities until the birds are transferred into the laying facilities
 at which time their cost is amortized to operations
 as cost of goods sold
&#8212; Restructuring charges principally consist of severance and other employee separation costs
 accelerated depreciation and certain long-lived asset impairments. The Company recognizes restructuring obligations and liabilities for exit and disposal activities at fair value in the period the liability is incurred. Employee severance costs are expensed when they become probable and reasonably estimable under established severance plans. Depreciation expense related to assets that will be disposed of or idled as a part of the restructuring activity is accelerated through the expected date of the asset shut down. Assets are classified as held for sale if the Company has committed to a plan for selling the assets
 is actively and reasonably marketing them
 Property is recorded at cost
&#160;years for buildings
 building improvements and leasehold improvements
 and 
 
 
 respectively. Any gains and losses incurred on the sale or disposal of assets are included in Other operating expenses, net. Repair and maintenance costs incurred in connection with on-going and planned major maintenance activities are accounted for under the direct expensing method. During the year ended September 30
 2015
 the Company had non-monetary exchanges of fixed assets. The cash and non-cash portions of these transactions were 
September 30
1
1
1
 Other intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks/brands acquired in business combinations and includes both indefinite and definite-lived assets. Amortization expense related to definite-lived intangible assets
 which is provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets
 was 
 
 and 
 
September&#160;30
 2015
 amortization expense of 
 
 
 
 
 
 
September 30
September&#160;30
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
3
2
2
2
 The Company continually evaluates whether events or circumstances have occurred which might impair the recoverability of the carrying value of its assets
 including property
 identifiable intangibles and goodwill. Trademarks with indefinite lives are reviewed for impairment during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year following the annual forecasting process
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate the trademark may be impaired. The trademark impairment tests require us to estimate the fair value of the trademark and compare it to its carrying value. The estimated fair value is determined using an income-based approach (the relief-from-royalty method)
 which requires significant assumptions for each brand
 including estimates regarding future revenue growth
 discount rates
 and appropriate royalty rates. Assumptions are determined after consideration of several factors for each brand
 including profit levels
 In addition
 definite-lived assets and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reassessed as needed when information becomes available that is believed to negatively impact the fair market value of an asset. In general
At September 30
 2015
 Post recorded impairment losses of 
 respectively. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October
 1 2015
At September 30
 2014
 brand
 brand
 
 
 
 respectively. Due to repeated past impairments
 continued weakness in the brand forecasts and a lack of sales growth from recent brand support efforts
 as of October 1
 2014
 At September 30
 2013
 Post recorded impairment losses in the Post Consumer Brands segment of 
 The Company funds a portion of its deferred compensation liability by investing in certain mutual funds in the same amounts as selected by the participating employees. Because management&#8217;s intent is to invest in a manner that matches the deferral options chosen by the participants and those participants can elect to transfer amounts in or out of each of the designated deferral options at any time
 these investments have been classified as trading assets and are stated at fair value in &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; and &#8220;Other Assets&#8221; (see Note&#160;13). Both realized and unrealized gains and losses on these assets are included in &#8220;Selling
 Revenue is recognized when title of goods and risk of loss is transferred to the customer
 as specified by the shipping terms. Net sales reflect gross sales
 including amounts billed to customers for shipping and handling
 less sales discounts and trade allowances (including promotional price buy downs and new item promotional funding). Customer trade allowances are generally computed as a percentage of gross sales. Products are generally sold with no right of return except in the case of goods which do not meet product specifications or are damaged
 and related reserves are maintained based on return history. If additional rights of return are granted
Cost of goods sold includes
 among other things
 inbound and outbound freight costs and depreciation expense related to assets used in production
 while storage and other warehousing costs are included in &#8220;Selling
 general and administrative expenses.&#8221; Storage and other warehousing costs totaled $
 $
 
Advertising costs are expensed as incurred except for costs of producing media advertising such as television commercials or magazine advertisements
September&#160;30
 Income tax (benefit) provision is estimated based on income taxes in each jurisdiction and includes the effects of both current tax exposures and the temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. These temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is established against the related deferred tax assets to the extent that it is not more likely than not that the future benefits will be realized. Reserves are recorded for estimated exposures associated with the Company&#8217;s tax filing positions
 which are subject to periodic audits by governmental taxing authorities. Interest due to an underpayment of income taxes is classified as income taxes. The Company considers the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be permanently invested
 so no U.S.&#160;taxes have been provided in relation to the Company's investment in its foreign subsidiaries. See Note&#160;7 for disclosures related to income taxes.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013













770.2


527.1


917.5














072.8


886.7


489.7







611.0




















































993.9


799.3


794.1














384.8


190.2


366.3



























































341.6


347.2
















341.6


347.2









347.2














































































































































































































































































Goodwill Impairment Measurement
 Weight of Income Approach in Calculation




























Goodwill Impairment Measurement
 Weight of Market Approach in Calculation























































































 -Subparagraph (a
h)




























 -Subparagraph (a
h)






























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013








































041


628







000









587)



























041









041







Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Vested And Expected To Vest
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value








Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value








Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value












































Fair Value Of Awards
 Per Share




























335


856







000


000


000














521)



























335









335







Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Exercised
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Forfeited
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Expired
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Vested And Expected To Vest
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price








Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term








Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value








Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value








Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value












































Fair Value Of Awards
 Per Share








Exercised
 Total Intrinsic Value






































































Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Exercisable
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Exercisable
 Number




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Exercisable
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Fair Value Of Awards
 Per Share




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Stock Appreciation Rights
 Exercises In Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Stock Appreciation Rights
 Expirations In Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Stock Appreciation Rights
 Forfeitures In Period
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Stock Appreciation Rights
 Granted
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award Stock Appreciation Rights
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Outstanding
 Intrinsic Value




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Stock Appreciation Rights
 Expirations In Period




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Aggregate Intrinsic Value




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Number




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Vested And Expected To Vest
 Outstanding
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term






















































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).

























































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.

























































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.

























































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Sep. 30
 2015
Sep. 30
 2014























Interest rate swap
 rate lock swaps


























































































Interest rate swap
 rate lock swaps





















































The aggregate fair value of assets that are already posted
 at the end of the reporting period
 as collateral for derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features.






















































































Period remaining until the derivative contract matures
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







In fiscal 2014
per annum payable quarterly on February 15
 May 15
 August 15 and November 15
 beginning on February 15
 2014. The preferred stock is non-voting and ranks senior to our outstanding common stock upon the Company&#8217;s dissolution or liquidation. The preferred stock has no maturity date; however
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock per share of convertible preferred stock
per share of common stock. Additionally
 on or after February 15
 2019
of the liquidation preference per share
In March 2014
In May 2014
In February 2015
On May 4
 2015
 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock to the former owners of MOM Brands. The shares were valued at the May 1
In August 2015
 the Company issued 
September 30

 
 respectively. Amounts are primarily classified as &#8220;Cost of goods sold&#8221; on the Consolidated Statements of Operations



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))






































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Fair Value of Plan Assets

      
      

 Fair Value of Plan Assets

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      




 column(s) 1
 3
 5
 7
 9
 11
 13
 15 are contained in other reports


 column(s) 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8 are contained in other reports


 column(s) 3
 4 are contained in other reports


 column(s) 5 are contained in other reports


 column(s) 1
 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8 are contained in other reports



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015

Earnings Per Share
 Diluted




Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
Year ended September 30





Year ended September 30





































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Sep. 30
 2015







In the ordinary course of business
 the Company is exposed to commodity price risks relating to the acquisition of raw materials and supplies
 interest rate risks relating to floating rate debt
 and foreign currency exchange rate risks relating to its foreign subsidiaries. The Company utilizes derivative financial instruments
 including (but not limited to) futures contracts
 option contracts
 forward contracts and swaps
The Company maintains options
 futures contracts and interest rate swaps which have been designated as economic hedges of raw materials
As of September 30
 2015
 the notional amounts of commodity contracts and energy futures were 
 months. At September 30
 2015 and September 30
 2014
 the Company had pledged collateral of 
 respectively
As of September 30
 2015
 and receive one-month LIBOR and will result in cash payments beginning in June 2016 and ending in May 2021. In addition
The following tables present the balance sheet location and fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative instruments on a gross and net basis as of September 30
Fair Value of Assets as of September 30
Fair Value of Liabilities as of September 30
Fair Value of Liabilities as of September 30
The following table presents the recognized (gain) or loss from derivative instruments that were not designated as qualified hedging instruments on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30
 
Selling
 general and administrative expenses



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.































