

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-18-064134
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		160
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171230
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180228
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COTT CORP /CN/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000884713
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1229
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-31410
		FILM NUMBER:		18651955
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6525 VISCOUNT RD
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9056721900
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6525 VISCOUNT RD
		CITY:			MISSISSAUGA
		STATE:			A6
		ZIP:			00000












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 







For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 




For the transition period from
 to



(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 





















MISSISSAUGA
 ONTARIO
 CANADA







TAMPA
 FLORIDA
 UNITED STATES






Registrant&#146;s telephone number









Title of each
class

Name of each exchange on
which registered









 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746; 

Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 (&#167; 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9746;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744; 

(&#167;229.405) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of the registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form


 an accelerated filer
 a
 filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;smaller reporting
company&#148; and &#147;emerging growth company&#148; in Rule 











































If an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended
transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744; 
 of the
The aggregate market value of the common
 of the registrant as of July&nbsp;1
 2017 (based on the closing sale price of $14.44 for the registrant&#146;s common shares as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on
June&nbsp;30
 2017) was $1
(Reference is made to Part II
 Item&nbsp;5 for a statement of assumptions upon which the
The number of the registrant&#146;s outstanding common shares as of February&nbsp;21
 2018 was 140
081
348. 


 to be filed within 120 days of
December&nbsp;30
 2017
 are incorporated by reference in Part III. Such proxy circular
 except for the parts therein which have been specifically incorporated by reference
 shall not be deemed &#147;filed&#148; for the purposes of this Annual Report
on Form 




 


































































SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM PART I. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT


















ITEM&nbsp;
5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED SHAREOWNER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

















ITEM&nbsp;
7. MANAGEMENT&#146;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 








ITEM&nbsp;
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 








ITEM&nbsp;8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA









ITEM&nbsp;
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 



































ITEM&nbsp;10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


















ITEM&nbsp;
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREOWNER MATTERS 








ITEM&nbsp;
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


























ITEM&nbsp;15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES









 SUMMARY




























accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;) in U.S. dollars. Unless otherwise indicated
 all amounts in this Annual Report on Form 

 2016 and 2015 corresponds to our fiscal years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
&nbsp;December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 





Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and applicable Canadian securities legislation and involve known and unknown risks
 uncertainties
 future expectations and other factors that may cause actual results
 performance or achievements of
Cott Corporation to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such statements include
 but are not limited to
 statements that relate to projections of
sales
 earnings
 earnings per share
 cash flows
 capital expenditures or other financial items
 statements regarding our intentions to pay regular quarterly dividends on our common shares
 and discussions of estimated future revenue enhancements and
cost savings. These statements also relate to our business strategy
 goals and expectations concerning our market position
 future operations
 margins
 profitability
 liquidity and capital resources. Generally
 words such as &#147;anticipate
&#148;
&#147;believe
&#148; &#147;continue
&#148; &#147;could
&#148; &#147;endeavor
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;expect
&#148; &#147;intend
&#148; &#147;may
&#148; &#147;will
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;predict
&#148; &#147;project
&#148;

 by reference. These forward-looking statements reflect current expectations regarding future events and operating performance and are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form <FONT

 by their
nature
 are based on certain estimates and assumptions regarding interest and foreign exchange rates
 expected growth
 results of operations
 performance
 business prospects and opportunities and effective income tax rates
 which are subject to
inherent risks and uncertainties. Material factors or assumptions that were applied in drawing a conclusion or making an estimate set out in forward-looking statements may include
 but are not limited to
 assumptions regarding management&#146;s
current plans and estimates. Although we believe the assumptions underlying these forward-looking statements are reasonable
 any of these assumptions could prove to be inaccurate and
 as a result
 the forward-looking statements based on those
assumptions could prove to be incorrect. Our operations involve risks and uncertainties
 many of which are outside of our control
 and any one or any combination of these risks and uncertainties could also affect whether the forward-looking
statements ultimately prove to be correct. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 those described in Part&nbsp;I


 or
 Undue
All future written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or
persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing. 



 





 the terms &#147;Cott
&#148; &#147;the Company
&#148; &#147;our Company
&#148; &#147;Cott Corporation
&#148;
&#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; or &#147;our&#148; mean Cott Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries
We incorporated
in 1955 and are governed by the Canada Business Corporations Act. Our registered Canadian office is located at 1100 boulevard Rene-Levesque Ouest
 25e etage
 Montreal
 Quebec
 Canada H3B 5C9 and our principal executive offices are located at 4221 W.
Boy Scout Boulevard Suite 400
 Tampa
 Florida
 United States 33607 and 1200 Britannia Road East
 Mississauga
 Ontario
 Canada L4W 4T5. 

(&#147;HOD&#148;) industry for bottled water and a leader in custom coffee roasting
 blending of iced tea and extract solutions for the U.S. foodservice industry.&nbsp;Our platform reaches over 2.4&nbsp;million customers or delivery points across
North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales and distribution facilities and fleets
 as well as wholesalers and distributors.&nbsp;This enables us to efficiently service residences
 businesses
 restaurant chains
 hotels and
motels
 small and large retailers
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 we sold our carbonated soft drinks
(&#147;CSDs&#148;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North America
 United Kingdom (&#147;U.K.&#148;) and Mexico business units (including the Canadian business) and our Royal Crown International (&#147;RCI&#148;) finished goods export
business (collectively
 the &#147;Traditional Business&#148;) to Refresco Group N.V.
 a Dutch public company (&#147;Refresco&#148;)
 pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Purchase Agreement&#148;) dated as of July&nbsp;24
 2017 (the
&#147;Transaction&#148;). The Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions. The aggregate deal
consideration was $1.25&nbsp;billion in cash
 paid at closing
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the sale of the Traditional Business representing a
strategic shift in our operations
 those businesses are presented herein as discontinued operations. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on discontinued operations. The Transaction did not include our Route
Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our RCI concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility or our Aimia Foods Limited (&#147;Aimia&#148;) and Decantae Mineral Water Ltd. (&#147;Decantae&#148;)
The cash proceeds from the Transaction were used to (i)&nbsp;retire $525.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of 5.375%
senior notes due 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;)
 (ii) retire the remaining $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of 10.000% senior secured notes due 2021 (the &#147;DSS Notes&#148;)
 (iii) repay $262.5&nbsp;million outstanding balance on
our asset-based lending facility (the &#147;ABL facility&#148;)
 and (iv)&nbsp;repay $1.9&nbsp;million in aggregate principal outstanding on our capital lease finance arrangement with General Electric Capital Corporation (the &#147;GE Term
Loan&#148;). Additionally
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction on January&nbsp;30
 2018
 we entered into a second amendment and restatement agreement making effective an amended and restated senior secured asset-based lending credit
facility (the &#147;ABL facility&#148;). The ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 under which Cott and its subsidiaries
 Cott Holdings Inc.
 DS Services of America
 Inc.
 S. &amp; D. Coffee
 Inc.
 Aimia Foods Limited and Aquaterra Corporation
 are
borrowers
 is a revolving facility of up to $250.0&nbsp;million
 which may be increased up to an additional $100.0&nbsp;million at our option if lenders agree to increase their commitments
 with a maturity date of August&nbsp;3
 2021. 
At the beginning of 2017
our business operated through four reporting segments: Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our DS Services of America
 Inc. (&#147;DSS&#148;)
 Aquaterra Corporation (&#147;Aquaterra&#148;)
 Eden Springs B.V. (&#147;Eden&#148;) and S. &amp; D.
Coffee
 Inc. (&#147;S&amp;D&#148;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott United Kingdom (&#147;Cott U.K.&#148;) and All Other (which included our Mexico and RCI operating segments). 

 we reviewed our reporting segments as a result of the Transaction. Following such review
 we reorganized our
reporting segments into three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions (which includes our S&amp;D business) and All Other (which includes our Aimia and
Decantae businesses
 the RCI concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our corporate oversight
function is not treated as a segment; it includes certain general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the reporting segments. 
 



 

 coffee and water filtration services to customers in North America
 Europe
and Israel. Route Based Services products include bottled water
 coffee
 brewed tea
 water dispensers
 coffee and tea brewers and filtration equipment. Route Based Services&#146; net revenue was $1
501.7&nbsp;million
 $1
224.3&nbsp;million and
$1
021.2&nbsp;million
 and represented 66.2%
 75.5% and 86.0% of our total net revenue for 2017
 2016 and 2015
Coffee
 Tea and
Our Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment provides premium coffee roasting and customized coffee
tea and extract solutions to customers in the United States. Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions products include fresh brewed coffee or tea
 speciality coffee
 liquid coffee or tea concentrate
 single cup coffee
 cold brewed coffee
 iced blend coffee
or tea beverages
 tea
 blended teas
 hot tea
 sparkling tea
 and coffee or tea extract solutions. Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions net revenue was $602.2&nbsp;million and $228.0&nbsp;million
 and represented 26.5% and 14.0% of our total net revenue
for 2017 and 2016
 respectively. 

 Decantae and the RCI concentrate businesses
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility and
other miscellaneous expenses. All Other products include hot chocolate
 coffee
 tea
 soups
 malt drinks
 creamers/whiteners
 cereals
 beverage concentrates and mineral water. All Other net revenue was $165.8&nbsp;million
 $170.9&nbsp;million and
$166.1&nbsp;million
 and represented 7.3%
 10.5% and 14.0% of our total revenue for 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. 

 our industry-leading infrastructure
 and our emphasis on superior
customer service is intended to create significant competitive strengths. With respect to our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segments
 we continually invest in our delivery infrastructure
 call centers and
service capabilities
 as well as coffee roasting and extract capacity
 to maintain our established position as a leader in these segments. We believe these investments have positioned us to capitalize on a number of positive industry dynamics and
new growth opportunities. First
 we intend to capture new customers as we capitalize on favorable consumer trends across our addressable markets
 including increased focus on health and wellness
 concerns about deteriorating municipal water quality
and the shift to premium coffee systems and &#147;on the go&#148; coffee and tea purchases. Second
 we believe our ability to cross-sell complementary water and coffee products and services represents a significant untapped opportunity. Third
 the
highly fragmented market in which we operate affords us ample opportunity to make the most of our scale
 acquisitions across all of our service
areas. We believe these strengths
 along with the strengths outlined below
 will allow us to capitalize on growth opportunities to drive sustainable and profitable growth. 


 we offer a
portfolio of well-known brands with longstanding heritages
 such as Sparkletts
 Hinckley Springs
 Kentwood Springs
 Canadian Springs
 Labrador and Eden Springs
 which have contributed to our leadership position in the HOD industry. In office coffee
services (&#147;OCS&#148;)
 we offer a complete range of products under leading brands including Keurig
 Mars Alterra


 Caribou Coffee
 Peet&#146;s Coffee&nbsp;&amp; Tea


roasting
 tea blending
 and extract production
 we are a leading custom coffee
 tea and extract solutions provider
 offering a portfolio of service offerings to our customers. Our superior scale
 product development and expertise
 as well as our
focus on customer service
 differentiates us from our competition as we are able to partner with our customers on logistics
 supply chain and ongoing strategy development. 
 





businesses
 as well as large regional and national corporations and retailers
 network creates an
advantage in marketing and customer reach
 while our extensive range of products and capabilities allows us to offer customers a convenient
 single solution for coffee
 tea and high quality drinking water. We believe our position will be further
We also
believe that opportunities exist to increase sales of our products in our core markets by optimizing existing customer relationships
 opportunities
 obtaining new
customers
Scale International
We believe that having one of the leading North American and European HOD production and distribution
networks in the industry gives us the ability to reduce our purchasing
 manufacturing and delivery costs relative to our competitors as well as drive customer density within the markets we serve. We have an extensive HOD and OCS distribution network
with a unique ability to service customers. We believe few companies have a comparable footprint or infrastructure to support local
 regional and national accounts directly
 which differentiates us in the industry. Our scaled network has allowed us
to secure strategic relationships
 which have been successful in attracting new customers and leveraging our production and delivery infrastructure. We are able to provide multiple products to our HOD and OCS customers at minimal additional cost and
The acquisition of Eden in 2016 further expanded our European capabilities. We
 solutions space in Europe differentiates us from our competitors
 providing us with region wide
coverage for our most significant businesses and allowing us to meet the water and coffee needs of our diversified customer base
 including both small and medium sized businesses and larger European customer accounts. 


Representatives or &#147;RSRs&#148;
 who comprise the consumer-facing part of the business
 are an important part of the customer relationship and not only drive customer service
 but also generate new organic customer growth. Our Route Based
Services reporting segment provides reliable deliveries and closely tracks call center and customer service metrics to continually improve customer satisfaction. 

 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment. Customers have access
to a vast array of services
 including our commodity sourcing
 product development
 delivery systems and sustainability programs
 as well as a number of other services. Our ability to customize these services and respond quickly to our
Strategic Importance to Our Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions Customers
The acquisition of S&amp;D in 2016 (and creation of our Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment in 2017) made us a
leader in custom coffee roasting and blending of foodservice iced teas in the United States. We believe the combination of S&amp;D&#146;s premium quality products and solutions
 sourcing and distribution reach
 and human capital assets create
unmatched custom coffee
Our Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment has a proven
track record of working alongside our customers to create menu ideation and develop products to take to market. Our product development team develops differentiated and profitable menu items which span the culinary arts and food science
 backed by
our innovative coffee and liquid extract labs. In addition
 we offer a sourcing capability staffed with a team of industry veterans. Coffee and tea markets are unpredictable
 but with our industry expertise
 we are able to guide our customers
through the process utilizing our size
 strength and relationships. 

 coffee
 tea
 filtration and
extract solutions with dedicated focus on shareowner returns through continuous growth
 expanding margins
 and growing free cash flow. Our business services profile offers recurring and repeatable revenue streams and scalable platforms which


 




offerings (positioned in growing categories of water
 coffee
 tea
 filtration and extract solutions)
 focused innovation with product development
 route logistics and technology creating further
growth
 as well as cross selling and customer service opportunities
 margin expansion driven by scaled platforms with increased customer and route density
 highly synergistic customer list or 
acquisition opportunities
Focus on Water
 Coffee
 Tea
 Filtration and Extract Services Growth 

 and increase free cash flow by expanding our customer density
and consumption
 focusing on customer service and reducing costs to serve
We will remain focused on
 business customer base
 a market segment that we believe remains underpenetrated


 international sales and marketing efforts as well as our strategic partnerships. 

 coffee
 tea and filtration products and services represents a significant untapped


existing customers
We intend to proactively pursue accretive acquisitions to
complement our organic growth. The highly fragmented market in which we operate affords us ample opportunities to execute synergistic HOD water
 acquisitions. Our acquisition
strategy is consistent with our objective to continually build customer density and reduce the overall cost of servicing our existing customer base. We have a proven track record of achieving significant synergies and integrating companies onto our
We have managed to pursue
this acquisition strategy while reducing leverage levels from the time of the acquisition of DSS by employing a combination of disciplined purchase pricing
 successful integration and synergy realization
 and divestiture of assets that are no longer
instrumental to our mission and strategy. 
 scale
opportunities (like the acquisitions of S&amp;D and Eden) to expand our positions in the HOD water
 coffee
 tea
 filtration and extract solution service categories
 as well as other higher margin or growth-oriented categories where we believe our
platform
 operating strength and synergies can be leveraged. 

 see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this
Annual Report on Form 

 the principal raw materials required to produce our products are green coffee
 tea
 polyethylene terephthalate
(&#147;PET&#148;) resin
 high-density polyethylene (&#147;HDPE&#148;) and polycarbonate bottles
 caps and preforms
 labels and cartons and trays. The cost of these raw materials can fluctuate substantially over time. We have implemented a number of
risk mitigation programs including our futures contracts and hedging programs with our customers in order to reduce the risk of commodity fluctuations in key areas such as coffee procurement and energy surcharges tied to certain energy indexes
within North America. We also have implemented a number of sustainability programs throughout our network to assist our suppliers in operating under changing environments. Our core product of HOD bottled water utilizes a reusable bottle that allows
for the overall cost to service to be spread out over a number of recurring trips to our customer base. Where we have not established a risk mitigation program
 it is often necessary to recover the increased cost of materials through price increases
which we have historically had success in utilizing in order to reduce our overall exposure to rising ingredient and packaging costs. 

 the price we pay fluctuates along with certain changes in underlying commodity
costs
 such as green coffee
 tea
 resin in the case of PET
 and HDPE. We believe that we will be able to either renegotiate contracts with these suppliers when they expire or find alternative sources for supply. We also believe there is adequate
supply of the ingredient and packaging materials used to produce and package our products. 
 




 we bear the risk of increases in the costs of the ingredient and packaging materials
used to produce our products
 including the underlying costs of the commodities used to manufacture them and
 to some extent
 the costs of converting those commodities into the materials we purchase. 

 tea
 resin for PET
 HDPE and fuel are examples of underlying commodities for which we bear the risk of increases in costs. In
addition
 the contracts for certain of our ingredient and packaging materials permit our suppliers to increase the costs they charge us based on increases in their cost of converting the underlying commodities into the materials we purchase. In
certain cases those increases are subject to negotiated limits. Changes in the prices we pay for ingredient and packaging materials occur at times that vary by product and supplier
 and take place on a monthly
 quarterly or annual basis. 

international conditions
 consumer demand
 and access to transportation. An increase in the price of coffee beans could reduce our coffee sales and coffee product margins
 which could adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of
Trade Secrets
 Copyrights
 Trademarks and Licenses 

business sells both our branded products as well as products under which we have a distribution license. We sell a majority of our manufactured coffee and tea products under retailer or foodservice brands to customers who own the trademarks
associated with those products. We own registrations
 or applications to register
 various trademarks that are important to our worldwide business
 including 

 

Springs
 
 Kentwood
Springs
 Mount Olympus
Standard
Coffee
 Javarama
 Athena
Nursery
 Relyant
 Sierra Springs
Sparkletts
 Constant Coffee
 Premium
Gold


 
Labrador
 Eden
 Eden
Springs
 Chateaud&#146;eau
Edelvia
 Mey Eden
 Edenissimo
Kafevend
 Pauza
 
in Europe and Israel
 mark in various formats in more than 120 countries and territories
outside of North America. The licenses to which we are a party are of varying terms
 including some that are perpetual. Trademark ownership is generally of indefinite duration when marks are properly maintained in commercial use. 

 which includes trade secrets in the form of concentrate formulas for our beverages
and trademarks for the names of the beverages we sell. To protect this intellectual property
 we rely principally on registration of trademarks
 contractual responsibilities and restrictions in agreements (such as indemnification
 nondisclosure and
confidentiality agreements) with employees
 consultants and customers
 and on the common law and/or statutory protections afforded to trademarks
 copyrights
 trade secrets and proprietary 
We also closely monitor the use of our trademarks and when necessary vigorously pursue any party that infringes on our trademarks
 using all available legal remedies. 
Our Traditional Business
experienced some customer concentration. Following the closing of the Transaction on January&nbsp;30
 2018
 we have limited customer concentration
 of which no customer accounts for more than 10% of our net revenues. 
Our principal competitor in
the 3G and 5G HOD bottled water business in the United States is Nestl&eacute;
 which competes with us directly in many of our markets. Within Canada and Europe
 our principal competitors are local or regional HOD bottled water businesses. We face
competition in our HOD business as distribution methods for residential and commercial bottled water products continue to change and evolve
 including the increasing availability of 3G and 5G water bottles in retail stores. This could affect our
business as some customers may choose to purchase water in returnable bottles through retailers rather than through our sales and distribution network. We have a strategic alliance with Primo Water Corporation (&#147;Primo&#148;) to bottle and
distribute Primo&#146;s 3G and 5G water bottles through retail stores
 however
 customers could choose to purchase Primo&#146;s competitors&#146; retail products. Our HOD business also faces increased competition from filtration units in the
residential and commercial market. Because homes and offices with installed filtration systems participate at a lower rate in the bottled water market
 the installation of these systems poses a competitive threat to our business and reduces the
number of potential customers for our bottled water products. In addition
 consumers may choose to drink from municipal water sources instead of purchasing bottled water or using a filtration unit. 
 




 including with respect to price
 product quality
service
 convenience and innovation
 and competition could become increasingly more intense due to the relatively low barriers to entry. We face competition from many sources
 including the institutional foodservice divisions of multi-national
manufacturers of retail products many of which have greater financial and other resources than we do
 wholesale foodservice distributors
 regional institutional coffee roasters
 and specialty coffee suppliers. If we do not succeed in differentiating
ourselves through
 among other things
 our product and service offerings
 then our competitive position may be weakened and our sales and profitability may be materially adversely affected. If
 due to competitive pressures or contractual
restrictions
 we are required to reduce prices to attract market share or we are unable to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases and we are not able to increase sales volumes to offset the margin declines
 then our
We seek to differentiate ourselves from our competitors by offering our customers
high-quality products
 category management strategies
 packaging and marketing strategies
 efficient distribution methods
 and superior service. 


 distribution and sale in the United States of many of our products are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the
Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 federal
 state and local workplace health and safety laws
 various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws and various other federal
 state and local
statutes and regulations applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products. Outside the United States
 the production
 distribution and sale of our many products and related operations
A number of states have passed laws setting forth warning or
labeling requirements relating to products made for human consumption. For example
 the California law known as &#147;Proposition 65&#148; requires that a specific warning appear on any product sold in California containing a substance listed by
that state as having been found to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. This law
 and others like it
 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products. The detection of even a trace amount
of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label
 although products containing listed substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a municipal water supply are
generally exempt from the warning requirement. From time to time over the past several years
 certain of our customers have received notices alleging that the labeling requirements of the relevant state regulation would apply to products
manufactured by us and sold by them. There can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by actions against our customers or us relating to Proposition 65 or similar &#147;failure to warn&#148; laws. 
 recyclable containers in the United States and other
countries around the world. We also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and other countries requiring that deposits or certain taxes or fees be
charged for the sale
 beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other types of beverage container-related deposit
 recycling
 tax
and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations also apply in various jurisdictions. We anticipate that additional
 similar legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States
We are a member of the International Bottled Water Association (&#147;IBWA&#148;) and the Water Quality Association. These
associations often set higher water quality standards than those set by governmental agencies. Members must comply with these standards
 which are enforced by the members themselves. The IBWA requires submission to annual plant inspections
administered by an independent third-party inspection agency
 such as the National Sanitation Foundation. These inspections audit quality and testing records
 review all areas of plant operations and the bottling process
 and check compliance with
relevant national standards
 good manufacturing practices
 and any other regulations set by the IBWA. If we fail to meet the standards set by the IBWA and Water Quality Association
 there could be an adverse impact on our reputation
 which could
All of our production facilities and other operations are
subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
 including those of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;)
 which pertain to the use of water resources and the discharge of waste water. Failure to comply with
these regulations can have serious consequences
 including civil and administrative penalties. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect on our capital expenditures
 net
income or competitive position. 
 




 we have coverage for product
recalls and product liability claims that could result from the injury
 illness or death of consumers using our products
 contamination of our products
 or damage to or mislabeling of our products. 
As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
we had over 10
400 employees
 of whom approximately 8
600 were in the Route Based Services reporting segment
 1
200 were in the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment
 and 500 in All Other. We have entered into collective bargaining
agreements covering approximately 770 of employees in the Route Based Services reporting segment that contain terms that we believe are typical in our industry. As these agreements expire
 we believe that they can be renegotiated on terms
satisfactory to us. We consider our relations with employees to be generally good. 

 quarterly and current reports
 proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the &#147;SEC&#148;) and Canadian securities regulatory authorities. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. Information in
 In addition
 the SEC maintains an Internet site
that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file with the SEC at www.sec.gov. Information filed with the Canadian securities regulatory authorities is available at www.sedar.com. 
10-K


 and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
are also available free of charge on our website at www.cott.com
 as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with
 or furnished to
 the SEC. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other
report that we file with
 or furnish to
We are responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as required by the SEC. See &#147;Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting&#148; in Item 9A. 




In addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on


 which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations. The risks described below are not the only risks that
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may negatively affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations. 


evolve. The increasing availability of 3G and 5G water bottles in retail stores could affect our business as some customers may choose to purchase water in returnable bottles through retailers rather than through our sales and distribution network.
We have a strategic alliance with Primo to bottle and distribute Primo&#146;s 3G and 5G water bottles through retail stores
 however
 customers could choose to purchase Primo&#146;s competitors&#146; retail products. Our HOD business also faces
increased competition from filtration units in the residential and commercial market. Because homes and offices with installed filtration systems participate at a lower rate in the bottled water market
 the installation of these systems poses a
competitive threat to our business and reduces the number of potential customers for our bottled water products. In addition
 consumers may choose to drink from municipal water sources instead of purchasing bottled water or using a filtration unit.
Our OCS business is also subject to intense competition. Our coffee business consists of both large brewers and single-serve brewers
 where increased competition has developed from food
 beverage and office products distributors. Additionally
The
coffee industry is highly competitive
 including with respect to price
 product quality
 service
 convenience and innovation
 and competition could become increasingly more intense due to the relatively low barriers to entry. We face competition
from many sources
 including the institutional foodservice divisions of multi-national manufacturers of retail products many of which have greater financial and other resources than we do
 wholesale foodservice distributors
 regional institutional
coffee roasters
 and specialty coffee suppliers. If we do not succeed in differentiating ourselves through
 among 
 




other things
 our product and service offerings
 then our competitive position may be weakened and our sales and profitability may be materially adversely affected. If
 due to competitive
pressures or contractual restrictions
 we are required to reduce prices to attract market share or we are unable to increase prices in response to commodity and other cost increases and we are not able to increase sales volumes to offset the margin
declines
Our ingredients
 packaging supplies and other costs are subject to price
increases
 and we may be unable to effectively pass rising costs on to our customers
 or effectively hedge against such rising costs. 

packaging supply contracts allow our suppliers to alter the prices they charge us based on changes in the costs of the underlying commodities that are used to produce them and
 in some cases
 changes in production costs. Resin for PET
 HDPE and
polycarbonate bottles and green coffee are examples of these underlying commodities. These changes in the prices we pay for ingredient and packaging materials occur at times that vary by product and supplier
 and take place
 on a monthly
 quarterly
Accordingly
 we bear the risk of fluctuations in the costs of these ingredient and packaging materials
 including the
underlying costs of the commodities used to manufacture them and
 to some extent
 the costs of converting those commodities into the materials we purchase. If the cost of these ingredients or packaging materials increases
 we may be unable to pass
these costs along to our customers through adjustments to the prices we charge
 which could have a negative effect on our results of operations. If we are able to pass these costs on to our customers through price increases
 the impact those
Our production facilities use a significant amount of electricity
 natural gas
and other energy sources to operate. Fluctuations in the price of fuel and other energy sources for which we have not locked in long-term pricing commitments or arrangements would affect our operating costs
 which could negatively affect our results
We have entered into futures contracts designed to mitigate the price risk associated with forecasted purchases of green
coffee used in our manufacturing process.&nbsp;Price increases could exert pressure on our costs and we may not be able to effectively hedge any such increases. Furthermore
 price decreases in commodities that we have effectively hedged could also
 changes in the derivative instruments. In addition to risk mitigation programs around futures contracts and hedging
programs with our customers in order to reduce the risk of commodity fluctuations in key areas such as coffee procurement
 we also have implemented energy surcharges in our Route Based Services reporting segment in North America tied to certain
energy indexes within North America. We also have implemented a number of sustainability programs throughout our network to assist our suppliers in operating under changing environments. Our core product of HOD bottled water utilizes a reusable
If we fail to manage our
operations successfully
In recent years
 we have grown our
business and beverage offerings primarily through the acquisition of other companies
 development of new product lines and growth with key customers. We believe that opportunities exist to grow our business by leveraging existing customer
relationships
 obtaining new customers
 exploring new channels of distribution
 introducing new products or identifying appropriate acquisition or strategic alliance candidates. The success of this strategy with respect to acquisitions depends on
our ability to manage and integrate acquisitions and alliances into our existing business. Furthermore
 the businesses or product lines that we acquire or align with may not be integrated successfully into our business or prove profitable. In
addition to the foregoing factors
 our ability to expand our business in foreign countries is also dependent on
 and may be limited by
 our ability to comply with the laws of the various jurisdictions in which we may operate
 as well as changes in
local government regulations and policies in such jurisdictions. If we fail to successfully manage our operations
 our business and results of operation could be adversely affected. 
We may devote a significant amount of our management&#146;s attention and resources to our ongoing review of strategic opportunities
 and we may not be
As part of our overall strategic planning
process
 from time to time we evaluate whether there are alternatives available to complement our strategy of organic growth and growth through diversification. Accordingly
 we may from time to time be engaged in evaluating potential transactions
and other strategic alternatives
 and we may engage in discussions that may result in one or more transactions. Although there would be uncertainty that any of these discussions would result in definitive agreements or the completion of any
transaction
 we may devote a significant amount of our management&#146;s attention and resources to evaluating and pursuing a transaction or opportunity
 which could negatively affect our operations.

 




In addition
 we may incur significant costs in connection with evaluating and pursuing other strategic opportunities
 regardless of whether any transaction is completed. We may not fully realize
We have completed the divestiture of our Traditional Business
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 we completed the
divestiture of our Traditional Business in the Transaction. Under the Purchase Agreement
 liabilities associated with the divested business
 such as taxes and certain
litigation
 and we remain liable for a period of time for breaches of representations
 warranties and covenants made to the purchaser. We have also indemnified the purchaser in the event of such breaches and for other specific risks. Even though the
Purchase Agreement contains what we believe to be customary liability caps
 and we have established reserves for any expected ongoing liability associated with the divested business
 unexpected liabilities may arise for which we could be
responsible. If that occurs
 or if established reserves are not sufficient
 it could negatively affect our financial condition and future results of operations. 


 in part
 on our ability to realize all or some of the anticipated benefits from integrating
with our existing businesses. The integration process may be complex
 costly
 time-consuming and subject to significant business
 economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 many of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our
control. The difficulties of integrating the operations and realizing revenue and cost synergies include
 among others: 












 logistics
 information
 communications and other systems; 






 controls
 procedures and policies
 and compensation structures between acquired structures and our structure; 





































We may not be able to maintain the
levels of revenue
 earnings or operating efficiency that each of Cott
 on the one hand
 and DSS
 Eden and S&amp;D
 on the other hand
 had achieved or might achieve separately. Even if we realize the expected benefits
 this may not be achieved within
the anticipated time frame. Furthermore
 the synergies from recent acquisitions may be offset by costs incurred in consummating such acquisitions or in integrating the acquired businesses
 increases in other expenses
 operating losses or unrelated
adverse results in the business. As a result
In addition
 actual results
may differ from pro forma financial information of the combined companies due to changes in the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 changes in assumptions used to form estimates
 difference in accounting policies between the
companies
 and completion of purchase accounting. 

 Eden and S&amp;D
 we are generally subject to all of the liabilities of the acquired
business that were not satisfied on or prior to the closing date of such transaction. There may be liabilities that we underestimated or did not discover in the course of performing our due diligence investigation. Under each of the respective
purchase agreements
 we have been provided with a limited set of warranties and indemnities in relation to 
 




identified risks. Our sole remedy from the sellers for any breach of those warranties is an action for indemnification
 which is subject to certain negotiated limitations and thresholds
 or an
action for damages. Our rights to indemnification in most cases must be asserted within a negotiated time period after closing
 which means if we fail to identify a breach promptly after closing
 we may not be able to recover amounts to which we
otherwise would have been entitled. We have secured insurance to cover losses arising in respect of the breach by the seller of those warranties and funds have been placed into escrow
 but such funds may prove insufficient to cover damages that may
occur. Damages resulting from a breach of warranty could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
Changes in future business conditions could cause business investments and/or recorded goodwill
 indefinite life intangible assets or other intangible
assets to become impaired
As
part of our overall strategy
 we will
 from time to time
 make investments in other businesses. These investments are made upon target analysis and due diligence procedures designed to achieve a desired return or strategic objective. These
procedures often involve certain assumptions and judgment in determining investment amount or acquisition price. After consummation of an acquisition or investment
 unforeseen issues could arise that adversely affect anticipated returns or that are
otherwise not recoverable as an adjustment to the purchase price. Even after careful integration efforts
 actual operating results may vary significantly from initial estimates. Goodwill accounted for approximately $1
104.7&nbsp;million of our
recorded total assets of continuing operations as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. We evaluate the recoverability of recorded goodwill amounts annually
 or when evidence of potential impairment exists. The annual impairment test is based on several
factors requiring judgment and certain underlying assumptions. Our other intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to the 2001 acquisition of intellectual property from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 including the right to manufacture our
concentrates
 with all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and manufacturing information
 and the use of the Royal Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the
&#147;Rights&#148;)
 and trademarks acquired in the acquisitions of DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden. These assets have an aggregate net book value of $288.6&nbsp;million
 and are more fully described in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 2017
 our intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization for continuing operations were
$462.5&nbsp;million
 which consisted principally of $428.7&nbsp;million of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&nbsp;million of software
 and $14.2&nbsp;million of patents. Customer relationships are typically amortized on an
accelerated basis for the period over which we expect to receive the economic benefits. The customer relationships acquired in connection with the acquisitions of S&amp;D
 Eden
 Aquaterra
 and DSS are amortized over the expected remaining useful
 cash flows. We review the estimated useful life of these intangible assets annually
taking into consideration the specific net cash flows related to the intangible asset
 unless a review is required more frequently due to a triggering event such as the loss of a significant customer. The permanent loss of
 or significant decline in
sales to customers included in the intangible asset would result in either an impairment in the value of the intangible asset or an accelerated amortization of any remaining value and could lead to an impairment of the fixed assets that were used to
service that customer. Principally
 a decrease in expected reporting segment cash flows
 changes in market conditions
 loss of key customers and a change in our imputed cost of capital may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill
 the
Rights
 trademarks or tradenames. For additional information on accounting policies we have in place for goodwill impairment
 see our discussion under &#147;Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates&#148; in &#147;Item 7. Management&#146;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; of this Annual Report on Form 


 we conduct operations in many areas of the world
 involving transactions
denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition
 because our financial statements are
denominated in U.S. dollars
 changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had
 and will continue to have
 an impact on our results of operations. While we may enter into financial transactions to address these
risks
 there can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations will not negatively affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. In addition
 while the use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with
protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates
 by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 



If we are unable to maintain relationships with our raw material suppliers
 we may incur higher supply costs
In addition to water
 the principal raw materials required to produce our products
are green coffee
 tea
 PET resin
 HDPE and polycarbonate bottles
 caps and preforms
 labels and cartons and trays. We rely upon our ongoing relationships with our key suppliers to support our operations. 

 meaning that our suppliers are obligated to continue
 or multi-year periods
 at the end of which we must either renegotiate the contracts with those suppliers or find alternative sources for supply. There can be no
assurance that we will be able to either renegotiate contracts (with similar or more favorable terms) with these suppliers when they expire or
 alternatively
 if we are unable to renegotiate contracts with our key suppliers
 there can be no
assurance that we could replace them. We could also incur higher ingredient and packaging supply costs in renegotiating contracts with existing suppliers or replacing those suppliers
 or we could experience temporary disruptions in our ability to
deliver products to our customers
With respect to some of our key
ingredients
 such as green coffee
 we have entered into long-term supply agreements
 the remaining terms of which range up to 12 months
 and therefore we expect to have a supply of those key ingredients during such terms. In addition
 the supply of
specific ingredient and packaging materials could be adversely affected by many factors
 including industry consolidation
 energy shortages
 governmental controls
 labor disputes
 natural disasters
 transportation interruption
 political
instability
Some of the Arabica coffee beans we purchase do not trade directly on the
commodity markets. Rather
 we purchase these coffee beans on a negotiated basis from coffee brokers
 exporters and growers. If any of these supply relationships deteriorate


 by suppliers could expose us to credit and supply risk under coffee purchase
commitments for delivery in the future. In addition
 the political situation in many of the Arabica coffee growing regions
 including Africa
 Indonesia
 and Central and South America
 can be unstable
 and such instability could affect our ability to
purchase coffee from those regions. If green coffee beans from a region become unavailable or prohibitively expensive
 we could be forced to use alternative coffee beans or discontinue certain blends
 which could adversely impact our sales. A raw
material shortage could result in a decrease in revenues or a deterioration of our relationship with our customers in our OCS business
 or could impair our ability to expand our OCS business. 
We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness
 which could adversely affect our financial health
 and future cash flows may not be sufficient to
As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 our total indebtedness for continuing operations was $2
287.0&nbsp;million
 of
which $1
011.2&nbsp;million was retired or repaid upon closing of the Transaction. Our present indebtedness and any future borrowings could have important adverse consequences to us and our investors
 including: 



















 which would increase future debt costs; 












 to pay dividends
 to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business;







 or reacting to
 changes in our business and the industry; and 







 we face an increased likelihood that one or more of the risks described above would materialize. In
addition
 our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations
 or that future borrowings will be available to us in amounts sufficient to
enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 
 




obligations
 we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. We cannot assure you that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on attractive terms
 commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we
cannot service or refinance our indebtedness
 we may have to take actions such as selling assets
 seeking additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures
 strategic acquisitions
 investments and alliances
 any of which could impede
the implementation of our business strategy
 prevent us from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business and/or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our future operating
performance and our ability to service or refinance our indebtedness will be subject to future economic conditions and to financial
 business and other factors
 many of which are beyond our control. 
Our ABL facility and the indenture governing our outstanding notes each contain various covenants limiting the discretion of our management in operating
our business
Our ABL facility
and the indenture governing our outstanding notes each impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. These restrictions will limit or restrict
 among other things
 our ability and the ability of our restricted subsidiaries to: 













 redeeming
 repurchasing or retiring our capital stock); 
























 make loans or transfer assets to us; 












These covenants are
subject to important exceptions and qualifications. In addition
 our ABL facility also requires us
 under certain circumstances
 to maintain compliance with certain financial covenants as described in the &#147;Covenant Compliance&#148; section in
Item 7. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control
 including those described in this &#147;Risk Factors&#148; section. A breach of any of the covenants contained in our ABL facility
 or the indentures
governing our outstanding notes could result in an event of default under one or more of the documents governing such obligations
 which would allow the lenders under our ABL facility to declare all borrowings outstanding
 or in the case of the
noteholders of our outstanding notes
 all principal amounts outstanding on such notes
 to be due and payable. Any such acceleration would trigger cross-default provisions under the ABL facility
 and the indentures governing our outstanding notes
and
 potentially
 our other indebtedness. In the event of an acceleration of payment obligations
 we would likely be unable to pay our outstanding indebtedness with our cash and cash equivalents then on hand. We would
 therefore
 be required to seek
alternative sources of funding
 which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms
 terms as favorable as our current agreements or at all. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness or find alternative means of financing our
operations
 we may be required to curtail our operations
 face bankruptcy
 or take other actions that are inconsistent with our current business practices or strategy. For additional information about our ABL facility
 see our discussion under
 and Note 15 to
A portion of our debt may be variable rate debt
 and changes in interest rates could adversely affect us by
Our ABL facility subjects us to interest rate risk.
The rate at which we pay interest on amounts borrowed under such facility fluctuates with changes in interest rates and our debt leverage. Accordingly
 with respect to any amounts from time to time outstanding under our ABL facility
 we are and will
be exposed to changes in interest rates. If we are unable to adequately manage our debt structure in response to changes in the market
 our interest expense could increase
 which would negatively affect our financial condition and results of
operations. The outstanding borrowings under the ABL facility as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 were $220.3&nbsp;million. 
 



We incurred substantial indebtedness in order to finance acquisitions
 which could adversely affect our
Our strategy of growth by acquisitions has been
financed by the incurrence of substantial indebtedness. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining any future debt financing on favorable terms or at all. 

future operations. This
 to a certain extent
 is subject to financial
 competitive
 legislative
 regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition
 if we cannot service our indebtedness
 we may have to take actions such as
selling assets
 seeking additional equity or reducing or delaying capital expenditures
 strategic acquisitions
 investments and alliances
 any of which could impede the implementation of our business strategy
 prevent us from entering into
transactions that would otherwise benefit our business and/or negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may not be able to refinance our indebtedness or take such other actions
 if necessary
 on commercially reasonable
terms
 or at all. 

 global financial events have resulted in the consolidation
 failure or near failure of a number of institutions in the
banking
 insurance and investment banking industries and have substantially reduced the ability of companies to obtain financing. These events also adversely affected the financial markets. These events could continue to have a number of different
effects on our business
 including: 






 which could result in a reduction in our sales volume; 






 thus reducing our cash flow; 





















business. 

 and may in the future implement
 restructuring activities to support the implementation of key strategic
initiatives designed to achieve long-term sustainable growth. These activities are intended to maximize our operating effectiveness and efficiency and to reduce our costs. We cannot be assured that we will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits
under these programs or that the benefits
 even if achieved
 will be adequate to meet our long-term growth expectations. In addition
 the implementation of key elements of these activities may have an adverse impact on our business
 particularly in
the near-term. 

 bottlers
 distribution channels or service networks could
have a material adverse effect on our business. The disruption could occur for many reasons
 including fire
 natural disasters
 weather
 manufacturing problems
 diseases
 strikes
 transportation interruption
 government regulation or terrorism.
Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available
 may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production
 each of which could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 
 



Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain access to our water sources; water scarcity and poor
A disruption in the water flow at any one of our water sources
 a
dispute over water rights
 increased legal restrictions on water use or access at our water sources or the failure to maintain access to our water sources could cause an increase in the cost of our products or shortages that would likely not allow
us to meet market demand. The potential delivery and price disruptions due to the loss of any one water source or a decline in the volume of water available could significantly disrupt our business
 result in the loss of customer confidence and have
an adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Further
 if any of our municipal water sources were curtailed or eliminated as a result of
 for example
 a natural disaster
 work stoppage or other significant event
that disrupted water flow from such municipal source
 we may have to purchase water from other sources
 which could increase water and transportation costs and could result in supply shortages and price increases. Any one of these events could have
a negative impact on our business
 financial condition
Water is a limited resource facing
significant challenges from population growth
 environmental contamination and poor management. As demand for water continues to increase and if water becomes more scarce and the quality of water available deteriorates
 our business may incur
increasing costs or face capacity constraints
Our success depends
 in
part
 on our intellectual property
While we own certain of the trademarks used to identify our
beverages
 other trademarks are used through licenses from third-parties or by permission from our customers. Our success depends
 in part
 on our ability to protect our intellectual property. 

 we rely principally on registration of trademarks
 contractual responsibilities and restrictions in
agreements (such as indemnification
 nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements) with employees
 consultants and customers
 and on common law and statutory protections afforded to trademarks


 we vigorously protect our intellectual property against infringements using any and all legal remedies available. Notwithstanding our efforts
 we may not be successful in
protecting our intellectual property for a number of reasons
 including: 












 consultants or customers may not abide by their contractual agreements and the cost of enforcing those agreements may be prohibitive
 or those agreements may prove to be unenforceable or more limited than
anticipated; 












 invalidated or circumvented. 

 our competitive position would weaken and we could face significant expense to protect
or enforce our intellectual property rights. At December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we had $24.5&nbsp;million of Rights and $264.1&nbsp;million of trademarks recorded as intangible assets not subject to amortization (see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Occasionally
 third parties may assert that we are
 or may be
 infringing on or misappropriating their intellectual property
rights. In these cases
 we intend to defend against claims or negotiate licenses when we consider these actions appropriate. Intellectual property cases are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. If we become involved in this
type of litigation
If we are found to infringe
on the intellectual property rights of others
 we could incur significant damages
 be enjoined from continuing to manufacture
 market or use the affected product
 or be required to obtain a license to continue manufacturing or using the affected
product. A license could be very expensive to obtain or may not be available at all. Similarly
 changing products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others may be costly or impracticable. 
Our products may not meet health and safety standards or could become contaminated and we could be liable for injury
 illness or death caused by
We have adopted various quality
 environmental
 health and safety standards. However
 our products may
still not meet these standards or could otherwise become contaminated. A failure to meet these standards or contamination could occur in our operations or those of our bottlers
 distributors or suppliers. This could result in expensive production
interruptions
 recalls and liability claims. We may be liable to our customers if the consumption of any of our products causes injury
 illness or death. Moreover
 negative publicity could be generated from false
 unfounded or nominal liability
claims or limited recalls. Any of these failures or occurrences could negatively affect our business
 results of operations or cash flows. 
 



 

unfavorable outcomes
 and
 if possible
 estimate the amount of potential losses. If our products are not safely and/or properly manufactured or designed
 personal injuries or property damage could result
 which could subject us to claims for
damages. The costs associated with defending product liability and other claims
 and the payment of damages
 could be substantial. Our reputation could also be adversely affected by such claims
 whether or not successful. 

asserted insurance claims where appropriate. We base our assessments
 estimates and disclosures on the information available to us at the time and rely on legal and management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses or any recoveries we may receive from
insurance may differ materially from assessments and estimates. Actual settlements
 judgments or resolutions of these claims or proceedings may negatively affect our business and financial performance. A successful claim against us that is not
covered by insurance or is in excess of our available insurance limits could require us to make significant payments of damages and could negatively affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. For more information
 see
Changes in the legal and regulatory environment in the jurisdictions in which we operate could negatively
affect our results of operations
As a producer and
distributor of beverages
 we must comply with various federal
 state
 provincial
 local and foreign laws relating to production
 packaging
 quality
 labeling and distribution
 including
 in the United States
 those of the federal Food
 Drug and
Cosmetic Act
 the Fair Packaging and Labeling Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act and California Proposition 65. We are also subject to various federal
 state
 provincial
 local and foreign environmental
laws and workplace regulations. These laws and regulations include
 in the United States
 the Occupational Safety and Health Act
 the Unfair Labor Standards Act
 the Clean Air Act
 the Clean Water Act
 the Safe Drinking Water Act
 the Comprehensive
Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act
 laws governing equal employment opportunity
 customs and foreign trade laws and regulations
 laws relating to
the maintenance of fuel storage tanks
 laws relating to mineral and chemical concentration and water quality
 consumption and treatment
 and various other federal statutes and regulations. The Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) regulates
bottled water as a food. Our bottled water must meet FDA requirements of safety for human consumption
 labeling
 processing and distribution under sanitary conditions and production in accordance with FDA &#147;good manufacturing practices.&#148;
Outside the United States
 the production and distribution of our products are also subject to various laws and regulations. These laws and regulations may change as a result of political
 economic
 or social events. Such regulatory changes may
include changes in food and drug laws
 laws related to advertising
 accounting standards
 taxation requirements
 competition laws and environmental laws
 including laws relating to the regulation of water rights and treatment. Changes in laws
regulations or government policy and related interpretations may alter the environment in which we do business
 which may negatively affect our results of operations or increase our costs or liabilities. 


example
 the California law known as Proposition 65 requires that a specific warning appear on any product sold in California containing a substance listed by that state as having been found to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. This law
 and
others like it
 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products. The detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning
label
 although products containing listed substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt from the warning requirement. From time to time over the past several years
certain of our customers have received notices alleging that the labeling requirements of the relevant state regulation would apply to products manufactured by us and sold by them. There can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by
actions against our customers or us relating to Proposition 65 or similar &#147;failure to warn&#148; laws. Were any such claim to be pursued or succeed
 we might in some cases be required to indemnify our customers for damages and provide warnings
on our products in order for them to be sold in certain states. Any negative media attention
 adverse publicity or action arising from allegations of violations could adversely affect consumer perceptions of our products and harm our business. 
 



 

 including bottled water dispensers. Since
February&nbsp;1
 2014
 the EPA has required appliances in the program to adhere to a lower energy consumption standard of 0.87 kilowatt hours per day. While we are working closely with our water cooler manufacturers to ensure we have continued
access to Energy Star certified bottled water dispensers
 there can be no assurances that we will continue to have such access. Our inability to utilize compliant dispensers could negatively affect our business
 financial condition
 reputation and
Recent initiatives have taken place in several markets in which we operate regarding bottled water. Regulations
have been proposed in some jurisdictions that would ban the use of public funds to purchase bottled water
 enact local taxes on bottled water and water extraction and restrict the withdrawal of water from public and private sources. We believe that
the adverse publicity associated with these initiatives is generally aimed at the retail
 small bottle segment of the industry that is a minimal part of our business
 and that our customers can readily distinguish our products from the retail
bottles that are currently the basis for concern in some areas. Our customers typically buy their water in reusable 3G and 5G water bottles that are placed on coolers and reused many times. While we believe that to date we have not directly
experienced any adverse effects from these concerns
 and that our products are sufficiently different from those under scrutiny
 there is no assurance that adverse publicity about any element of the bottled water industry will not affect consumer
behavior by discouraging buyers from buying bottled water products generally. In that case
 our sales and other financial results could be adversely affected. 

 federal and/or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce
or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. In the event that such regulation is more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are currently undertaking to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency
 we may experience
significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. In particular
 increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the cost of energy
 including fuel
 required to operate our facilities or transport and distribute our
products
 particularly in our DSS business
 thereby substantially increasing the distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. As a result
 climate change could negatively affect our business and results of operations. 


 sale and use of resins and Bisphenol A (&#147;BPA&#148;) used to make our 3G and 5G water bottles are subject to regulation by
the Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;). These regulations relate to substances used in food packaging materials
 not with specific finished food packaging products. BPA is contained in substantially all of our three- and five-gallon
returnable polycarbonate plastic bottles. Negative media attention regarding BPA has generated concern in the bottled water market
 although a January 2010 report by the FDA notes studies that suggest the low levels of BPA used in polycarbonate
bottles are safe for human exposure and the FDA sustained this opinion in its March 2013 BPA consumer update. The FDA indicated that it will continue to evaluate these studies before issuing a final assessment on the safety of BPA and the FDA&#146;s
current public health recommendations include taking reasonable steps to reduce exposure of infants and young children to BPA. The FDA and certain states
 however
 may in the future decide to regulate more aggressively the potential harmful effects
of BPA. Although the FDA rejected a 2012 citizen petition from the Natural Resources Defense Council seeking the ban of BPA from all food and drink packaging
 including plastic bottles and canned foods
 our customers and potential new customers may
share the concerns raised by the citizens petition and may reduce their exposure to BPA as a result. The FDA has also asserted the need for additional studies on the safety of BPA in food packaging materials and acknowledged recent studies regarding
potential developmental and behavioral effects of BPA exposure on infants and young children. The EPA and certain states also may in the future study or regulate BPA. Additionally
 a number of states have passed legislation banning the use of BPA in
packaging intended for children three years of age and younger
 such as in baby bottles and sippy cups. Extensive negative public perception regarding food packaging that uses BPA could cause consumers to stop purchasing our products manufactured in
polycarbonate bottles. Further
 the emergence of new scientific evidence or reports that suggests our polycarbonate water bottles are unsafe
 or interpretations of existing evidence by regulatory agencies that lead to prohibitions on the use of
polycarbonate plastic as packaging for food contact materials
 could cause a serious disruption in our ability to package our bottled water products. If polycarbonate plastic becomes a banned substance
 we may not be able to adopt alternative
packaging
 and conduct extensive and costly safety testing
 in time to prevent adverse effects to our business
 financial condition and results of operations. Further
 if our competitors successfully integrate
 packaging into their business and BPA is subsequently deemed undesirable or unsafe
 our competitors may have a significant competitive advantage over us. 
 



 

 storage or use of hazardous substances
 including for the maintenance and fueling of
our vehicle fleet for our DSS business. We are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain operations. We cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws
regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws
 regulations or permits
 we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. We could also be held liable for any consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous
Certain environmental laws impose liability on current or previous owners or operators of real
property for the cost of removal or remediation of hazardous substances. These laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of
 or was not responsible for
 the release of such hazardous substances and also impose liability
on persons who arrange for hazardous substances to be sent to disposal or treatment facilities. In addition to actions brought by governmental agencies
 private plaintiffs may also bring personal injury claims arising from the presence of hazardous
substances on a property. Certain environmental contamination has been identified at or in the vicinity of some of our DSS properties. From time to time
 we have also been named a potentially responsible party at third-party waste disposal sites.
There can be no assurances that we will not be required to make material expenditures in the future for these or other contamination-related concerns or that other responsible parties will conduct any required cleanup. Environmental laws and
regulations are complex
 change frequently and tend to become more stringent over time. We cannot assure you that our costs of complying with current and future environmental laws and regulations and our liabilities arising from past or future
releases of
 or exposure to
 hazardous substances will not negatively affect our business
Our business
is seasonal and adverse weather conditions could negatively affect our business
The
sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Unusually cold or rainy weather during the summer months may reduce the demand for our bottled water and other products and contribute to
lower revenues
 which could negatively affect our profitability. Warmer winter weather could decrease sales of our coffee and hot chocolate products and negatively affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations. 


 especially those directed against the United States or other major industrialized
countries in which we do business
 major natural disasters
 or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases. Such events could impair our ability to manage our business
 could disrupt our supply of raw materials
 and could affect production
transportation and delivery of products. In addition
 such events could cause disruption of regional or global economic activity
 which can affect consumers&#146; purchasing power in the affected areas and
 therefore
 reduce demand for our products.
Our success depends in part upon our ability to recruit
 retain and prepare succession plans for our CEO
 CFO
 senior management and key employees.
The performance of our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;)
 Chief Financial Officer (&#147;CFO&#148;)
 senior management and
other key employees is critical to our success. We plan to continue to invest time and resources in developing our senior management and key employee teams. Our long-term success will depend on our ability to recruit and retain capable senior
management and other key employees
 and any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our future operating results and financial condition. Further
 if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our CEO
 CFO
 senior management
and other key employees
We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on
satisfactory terms
Some of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements expiring on
various dates. We may not be able to renew our collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or at all. This could result in strikes or work stoppages
 which could impair our ability to manufacture and distribute our products and result in
a substantial loss of sales. The terms of existing or renewed agreements could also significantly increase our costs or negatively affect our ability to increase operational efficiency. 
 



 

 provide information to management and prepare
financial reports. We rely on third-party providers for various networking
 application hosting and related business process services which support our key information systems. Issues with performance by these third-parties may disrupt our
operations and as a result
 our operating expenses could increase
In addition
these systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from
 among other things
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 software
 equipment or telecommunications failures
 processing errors
 computer viruses
 hackers
other security issues or supplier defaults. Security
 backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause
substantial errors
 processing inefficiencies
 security breaches
 inability to use the systems or process transactions
 loss of customers or other business disruptions
 all of which could negatively affect our business and results of operations.
If we are unable to securely maintain our customers&#146; confidential or credit card information
 or other private data relating to our employees or
our Company
 we could be subject to negative publicity
 costly government enforcement actions or private litigation
 which could damage our business reputation and negatively affect our results of operations. 

 employee and Company data is critical to us. We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our
customers&#146; debit card
 credit card and other personal information
 our employees&#146; private data and Company records and intellectual property. However
 if we experience a data security breach of any kind
 we could be exposed to negative
publicity
 government enforcement actions
 private litigation or costly response measures. In addition
 our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected
 which could result in our customers discontinuing their
purchases of our products and services or their use of the debit or credit card payment option. Any loss of our ability to securely offer our customers a credit card payment option would make our products less attractive to many small organizations
by negatively affecting our customer experience and significantly increasing our administrative costs related to customer payment processing. This could cause us to lose market share to our competitors and could have a negative effect on our results
In addition
 the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding
 with
frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. For example
 the European Union&#146;s General Data Protection Regulation
 which will become effective in May 2018
 imposes significant new requirements on how we collect
 process and transfer
personal data
 Compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in
We may not continue our quarterly dividend and shareowners may never obtain a return on
We have paid quarterly cash dividends since 2012. Most recently
 the board of directors declared a dividend of $0.06
per common share to be paid in cash on March&nbsp;28
 2018 to shareowners of record at the close of business on March&nbsp;13
 2018. However
 there can be no assurance that we will continue to declare quarterly dividends in the future. The
declaration and payment of future dividends on our common shares is subject to
 among other things
 the best interests of our shareowners
 our results of operations
 cash balances and future cash requirements
 financial condition
 statutory
regulations and covenants and other restrictions on payment set forth in the instruments governing our indebtedness and preferred shares in effect from time to time. Accordingly
 shareowners must rely on sales of their common shares after price
appreciation
 which may never occur
We are subject to risks associated with our
international operations
 including compliance with applicable U.S. and foreign anti-corruption laws and regulations
 such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and other applicable anti-corruption laws
 which may
We currently operate internationally and we intend to continue
expansion of our international operations. We now operate in 17 European countries and Israel. As a result
 our business is exposed to risks inherent in foreign operations. If we fail to adequately address the challenges and risks associated with
our international operations and acquisition strategy
 we may encounter difficulties in our international operations and implementing our strategy
 which could impede our growth or 
 




harm our operating results. These risks
 which can vary substantially by jurisdiction
 include the difficulties associated with managing an organization with operations in multiple countries
compliance with differing laws and regulations (including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
 the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010 and local laws prohibiting payments to government officials and other corrupt practices
 tax laws
 regulations and rates)
enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws
 there can be no assurance that our employees
 contractors and agents
will not take actions in violation of our policies
 particularly as we expand our operations through organic growth and acquisitions. Any such violations could subject us to civil or criminal penalties
 including material fines or prohibitions on
our ability to offer our products in one or more countries
 and could also materially damage our reputation
 brand
 international expansion efforts
 business and operating results. Additional risks include the potential for restrictive actions by
foreign governments
 changes in economic conditions in each market
 foreign customers who may have longer payment cycles than customers in the United States
 the impact of economic
 political and social instability of those countries in which we
operate and acts of nature
 such as typhoons
 tsunamis
 or earthquakes. The overall volatility of the economic environment has increased the risk of disruption and losses resulting from hyper&#150;inflation
 currency devaluation and tax or
regulatory changes in certain countries in which we have operations. 

activities. However
 our tax positions are subject to review and possible challenge by taxing authorities. This includes adverse changes to the manner in which Canada and other countries tax multinational companies and interpret or change their tax
laws. We cannot determine in advance the extent to which some jurisdictions may assess additional tax or interest and penalties on such taxes. In addition
 our effective tax rate may be increased by changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets
and liabilities
 changes in our cash management strategies
 changes in local tax rates or countries adopting more aggressive interpretations of tax laws. 

intercompany debt during the last three years. However
 since the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global
operations
 our effective tax rate may ultimately be different than the amount we are currently reporting. In addition
 several jurisdictions in which we operate have tax laws with detailed transfer pricing rules which require that all transactions
with nonresident related parties be priced using arm&#146;s length pricing principles
 and that contemporaneous documentation must exist to support such pricing. There is a risk that the taxing authorities may not deem our transfer pricing
documentation acceptable. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (&#147;OECD&#148;) released guidance related to Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (&#147;BEPS&#148;) which may also result in legislative changes that could impact
The interpretation and application of the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act could materially affect our tax obligations and effective
The 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#147;Tax Act&#148;) was enacted on December&nbsp;22
 2017
 and significantly affected
U.S. tax law. The U.S. rule-making bodies have the authority to issue regulations and interpretative guidance that may significantly impact how we apply the law and impact our results of operations in the period issued.&nbsp;The application of
accounting guidance for such items is currently uncertain as the rules are broad and complex and require information not previously relevant or regularly produced. As a result
 we have provided a provisional estimate on the effect of the Tax Act in
our Consolidated Financial Statements. As we complete our analysis of the Tax Act
 collect and prepare necessary data
 and interpret any additional guidance
 we may make adjustments to provisional amounts that we have recorded that could materially
We also face other risks that could adversely affect our
business
 results of operations or financial condition
 which include: 
























 



































Our business is supported by our extensive manufacturing and distribution
network. Immediately following the sale of our Traditional Business
 our manufacturing footprint encompasses 54 strategically located beverage manufacturing and production facilities
 including: 46 facilities in our Route Based Services reporting
segment
 which includes 30 facilities in the United States
 nine facilities in Europe
 and seven facilities in Canada; four facilities in our Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment
 all in the United States; and four facilities
representing our All Other reporting segment
 which includes three facilities in the United Kingdom and one concentrate manufacturing facility based in the United States. We also have 376 branch distribution and warehouse facilities across all of
our reporting segments
 which include 250 facilities in the United States
 110 facilities in Europe and 16 facilities in Canada
 and one customer service call center for the DSS business in the United States. 

States; 0.3&nbsp;million square feet in Canada; and 0.7&nbsp;million square feet in Europe
 inclusive of 0.2&nbsp;million square feet in the United Kingdom. The total square footage of our branch distribution and warehouse facilities is
approximately 2.7&nbsp;million square feet in the United States; 0.2&nbsp;million square feet in Canada; and 0.9&nbsp;million square feet in Europe. This square footage does not include 29 leased office spaces and one owned office space that
together comprise 0.4&nbsp;million square feet. Lease terms for 





We are subject to various claims and legal proceedings with respect
to matters such as governmental regulations
 income taxes
 and other actions arising out of the normal course of business. Management believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or
results of operations. 




 



SUPPLEMENTAL ITEM PART I. EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
The following is a list of names
 ages
 offices and backgrounds of all of our executive officers as of February&nbsp;28
 2018. Our
officers do not serve for a set term. 






























DSS&nbsp;Business&nbsp;Unit











Vice President
 General Counsel and Secretary





















 he served as President of our international operating segment
 Interim President North America and Interim President of our UK and
European business from 2007 to 2009. Prior to joining Cott
 Mr.&nbsp;Fowden served as Chief Executive Officer of Trader Media Group and was a member of the Guardian Media Group Plc&#146;s board of directors from 2005 to 2007. Prior to this time
Mr.&nbsp;Fowden served in a variety of roles at multiple companies
 including global Chief Operating Officer of AB InBev S.A. Belgium
 an alcoholic beverage company
 Chief Executive Officer of Bass Brewers Ltd.
 a subsidiary of AB InBev S.A.
Belgium
 Managing Director of the Rank Group plc&#146;s Hospitality and Holiday Division and member of the Rank Group plc&#146;s board of directors
 Chief Executive Officer of Hero AG&#146;s European beverage operations and various roles within
PepsiCo Inc.&#146;s beverage operations and Mars
 Incorporated&#146;s pet food operations. Mr.&nbsp;Fowden currently serves on the board of directors of Constellation Brands Inc.
 a premium alcoholic beverage company and on the board of directors of
the American Beverage Association. Mr.&nbsp;Fowden has previously served on the board of directors of Chesapeake Corporation
 a global packaging company
 and as a member of the advisory board of Tchibo Coffee International Ltd
 a premium coffee
company. 






 Mr.&nbsp;Wells held various senior finance positions with Molson Coors from 2005 to 2012
 including Chief Financial Officer of Molson Coors
Canada
 a subsidiary of Molson Coors Brewing Company
 and Global Vice President
 Treasury
 Tax
 and Strategic Finance of Molson Coors Brewing Company. From 1990 to 2005
 Mr.&nbsp;Wells held several positions within Deloitte and Touche LLP
 including
partner. 






acquisition
 Mr.&nbsp;Harrington served in various roles with DS Services from 2004 to 2014
 including Chief Executive Officer
 President
 Chief Operating Officer
 West Division President
 and Senior Vice President
 Central Division. Prior to
joining DS Services
 Mr.&nbsp;Harrington served in various roles with Coca-Cola Enterprises
 Inc. including Vice President and General Manager of Coca-Cola Enterprises New York and Chicago divisions. He also served in various sales and marketing
roles with Pepperidge Farm from 1979 to 1985. Mr.&nbsp;Harrington currently serves on the board of directors of the National Automatic Merchandising Association
 the International Bottled Water Association and the Water Quality Association.







 and he continued in that role after the closing of the S&amp;D Acquisition. Prior to the acquisition
 Mr.&nbsp;Hinson served in various
roles with S&amp;D over a 39 year period
 beginning his career in the sales organization and working his way up to Chief Executive Officer in 2000 and Chairman of the Board of Directors of S&amp;D in 2010. Mr.&nbsp;Hinson currently serves on the
board of directors of the National Coffee Association and the Tea Association. 






 General Counsel and Secretary in 2010. Prior to her appointment
 Ms.&nbsp;Poe served as Corporate Counsel of the Company from 2008 to 2010. Prior to joining the Company
Ms.&nbsp;Poe was a partner at the law firm of Holland&nbsp;&amp; Knight LLP from 2000 to 2006 and an associate of the law firm from 1995 to 2000. 





Jason Ausher was appointed Chief Accounting Officer in May 2015. Prior to this appointment
 from 2011 to 2015
Mr.&nbsp;Ausher served as the Company&#146;s VP Treasurer
 Corporate Development. From 2010 to 2011
 Mr.&nbsp;Ausher served as the Company&#146;s Corporate Controller and from 2008 to 2010 he held the position of Controller

 







for the Company&#146;s U.S. Business Unit. From 2003 to 2008
 Mr.&nbsp;Ausher held numerous positions with Walter Industries
 Inc. and Mueller Water Products Inc. (a water infrastructure business
 of Walter Industries
 Inc.)
 including the position of Vice President of Finance. Prior to this
 from 1996 to 2002
 Mr.&nbsp;Ausher was with PriceWaterhouseCoopers LLP. 







 Mr.&nbsp;Erdman served in various roles with DS Services
 including Director of Human Resources
 Vice President
&#150; Human Resources
 Vice President and Chief People Officer
 and Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer. Prior to joining DS Services
 Mr.&nbsp;Erdman was the Group Director &#150; Human Resources with Coca-Cola Enterprises
 Inc.

 



 




MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT&#146;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED SHAREOWNER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

&#148; and on the NYSE under the ticker symbol &#147;COT.&#148; 

U.S. dollars) for the indicated periods for 2017 and 2016. 
































































































































































































































































As of February&nbsp;21
 2018
 we had 926 shareowners of record. This number was determined from records
maintained by our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of securities whose securities are held in the names of various dealers or clearing agencies. The closing sale price of our common shares on February&nbsp;21
 2018 was C$18.99
Our board of directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.06 per common share in each
quarter during 2016 and 2017 for an aggregate yearly dividend payment of approximately $31.7&nbsp;million and $33.7&nbsp;million
 respectively. We intend to pay a regular quarterly dividend on our common shares subject to
 among other things
 the
best interests of our shareowners
 our results of operations
 cash balances and future cash requirements
 financial condition
 statutory regulations and covenants set forth in the ABL facility and indentures governing our outstanding notes as well


 dividends paid by a Canadian corporation to a 
shareowner are generally subject to Canadian withholding tax at a 25% rate. Under the current tax treaty between Canada and the United States
 U.S. residents who are entitled to treaty benefits are generally eligible for a reduction in this
withholding tax rate to 15% (and to 5% for a shareowner that is a corporation and is the beneficial owner of at least 10% of our voting stock). Accordingly
 under current tax law
 our U.S. resident shareowners who are entitled to treaty benefits
will generally be subject to a Canadian withholding tax at a 15% rate on dividends paid by us
 provided that they have complied with applicable procedural requirements to claim the benefit of the reduced rate under the tax treaty. The fifth protocol
to the tax treaty between Canada and the United States places additional restrictions on the ability of U.S. residents to claim these reduced rate benefits. U.S. residents generally will be entitled on their U.S. federal income tax returns to claim
a foreign tax credit
 or a deduction
 for Canadian withholding tax that applies to them
 subject to certain applicable limitations. U.S. investors should consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences and requirements applicable to
them
 based on their individual circumstances. 
 




indentures governing our outstanding notes. The ABL facility and the indentures governing our outstanding notes are discussed in &#147;Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; in this
For information on securities authorized for issuance under our
equity compensation plans
 see &#147;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareowner Matters&#148; in this Annual Report on Form 

 as shown

 except for outstanding shares held or
controlled by our directors and executive officers. For further information concerning shareholdings of officers
 directors and principal shareowners
 see &#147;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Shareowner Matters&#148; in this Annual Report on Form 

 assuming reinvestment of dividends
 invested in:
(i)&nbsp;our common shares; (ii)&nbsp;the Toronto Stock Exchange&#146;s S&amp;P/TSX Composite Index; and (iii)&nbsp;a peer group of publicly-traded companies in the bottling and route-based service industries comprised of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated
 Coca Cola FEMSA
 S.A.B de C.V.
 Coca Cola Amatil Ltd.
 National Beverage Corp.
 A.G. Barr plc
 Britvic plc
 G&amp;K Services
 Inc.
 UniFirst Corp.
 ABM Industries Inc.
 Chemed Corp.
 ServiceMaster Global
Holdings
 Inc.
 Cintas Corp.
 and Aramark. The closing price of Cott&#146;s common shares as of December&nbsp;29
 2017
 the last trading day of 2017
 was C$20.98 on the TSX and $16.66 on the NYSE. The following table is in Canadian dollars. 



 
 




 2012 


 2017 































































































































 we did not repurchase any of our common shares. 
The following table
contains information about shares that we withheld from delivering to employees during 2017 to satisfy their tax obligations related to share-based awards. 





































150
206





















































13
770



































112
091



































277
338
































 






The following selected financial data reflects our results of
operations. This information should be read in conjunction with
 and is qualified by reference to &#147;Item 7. Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148; and the Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 

periods have been recast. 


























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



January&nbsp;3



December&nbsp;28



(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share
amounts)
















Revenue
 net


2
269.7










































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
































































































































































































































































































4
093.1







































































Long-term debt
 net of current maturities



1
542.6























































































In 2016
 we completed the acquisitions of S&amp;D
 Eden
 and Aquaterra for a combined $973.9&nbsp;million
 financed by a combination of cash on hand
 incremental
borrowings under our ABL facility of $270.0&nbsp;million
 proceeds from the issuance of &#128;450.0&nbsp;million (U.S. $539.1&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on December&nbsp;30
 2017) of our 2024 Notes
 and net proceeds from the
issuance of common shares in June 2016 having an aggregate value of $219.8&nbsp;million. 



In 2014
 we completed the acquisition of DSS for approximately $1.246&nbsp;billion
 financed by a combination of incremental borrowings under our ABL facility of
$180.0&nbsp;million
 proceeds from the issuance of $625.0&nbsp;million of 6.75% senior notes due 2020 (the &#147;2020 Notes&#148;)
 the assumption of DSS&#146;s $350.0&nbsp;million DSS Notes
 and the issuance to the owners of DSS of Preferred Shares
having an aggregate value of approximately $148.8&nbsp;million. 
 






The obligations under the ABL facility were required to be repaid in full at the closing of the sale of the Traditional Business. Accordingly
 the ABL facility is
presented as &#147;Short-term borrowings required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture.&#148; 



All senior notes issued by our wholly-owned subsidiary Cott Beverages Inc. were classified as &#147;Debt required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
divestiture&#148; in prior periods. 
 






Overview
Cott is a route based service company with a leading volume-based national presence in the North America and European home and office
delivery (&#147;HOD&#148;) industry for bottled water and a leader in custom coffee roasting
 blending of iced tea and extract solutions for the U.S. foodservice industry.&nbsp;Our platform reaches over 2.4&nbsp;million customers or delivery points
across North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales and distribution facilities and fleets
 as well as wholesalers and distributors.&nbsp;This enables us to efficiently service residences
 businesses
 restaurant chains
 hotels
and motels
 small and large retailers
The beverage market is subject to some seasonal variations. Our water
delivery and beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months
 while sales of our coffee products are generally higher during cooler months
 and may also be influenced by the timing of holidays and weather fluctuations. Our purchases of
raw materials and related accounts payable fluctuate based upon the demand for our products. The seasonality of our sales volume causes our working capital needs to fluctuate throughout the year. 

price trends. Our most significant commodities are green coffee
 tea
 polyethylene terephthalate (&#147;PET&#148;) resin
 high-density polyethylene (&#147;HDPE&#148;) and polycarbonate bottles
 caps and preforms
 labels and cartons and trays. We
attempt to manage our exposure to fluctuations in ingredient and packaging costs by entering into fixed price commitments for a portion of our ingredient and packaging requirements and implementing price increases as needed. 

the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. As our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies
have had
In 2017
 our capital expenditures were devoted primarily to
supporting growth in our business
At the beginning of 2017
 our business
operated through four reporting segments; Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our DS Services of America
 Inc. (&#147;DSS&#148;)
 Aquaterra Corporation (&#147;Aquaterra&#148;)
 Eden Springs Europe B.V. (&#147;Eden&#148;) and S. &amp; D.
Coffee
 Inc. (&#147;S&amp;D&#148;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott United Kingdom (&#147;Cott U.K.&#148;) and All Other (which included our Mexico and Royal Crown International (&#147;RCI&#148;) operating segments). 

 we reviewed our reporting segments as a result of the Transaction (as defined below). Following such review
we reorganized our reporting segments into three reporting segments; Route Based Services (which includes our DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions (which includes our S&amp;D business) and All Other (which includes
our Aimia Foods (&#147;Aimia&#148;)
 Decantae Mineral Water Ltd. (&#147;Decantae&#148;)
 and our RCI concentrate businesses
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have been recast
to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment; it includes certain general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the reporting segments. 

 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 we had 52 weeks of activity. For the year ended
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 we had four additional shipping days in our DSS business
 which we estimate contributed $12.5&nbsp;million of additional revenue and $0.1&nbsp;million of additional operating income for the year ended January&nbsp;2
 2016. 
Divestiture
 Acquisition and Financing Transactions 


 2018
 we sold our carbonated soft drinks (&#147;CSDs&#148;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North America
 United
Kingdom (&#147;U.K.&#148;) and Mexico business units (including the Canadian business) and our Royal Crown International (&#147;RCI&#148;) finished goods export business (collectively
 &#147;Traditional Business&#148;) to Refresco Group N.V.
 a
Dutch public company (&#147;Refresco&#148;)
 pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (the &#147;Purchase Agreement&#148;) dated as of July&nbsp;24
 2017 (the &#147;Transaction&#148;). The Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our
Canadian business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions. The aggregate deal consideration was $1.25&nbsp;billion
 paid in cash at closing
 subject to adjustment for
indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the sale of the Traditional Business representing a strategic shift in our operations
 those businesses are presented herein as discontinued
operations. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding discontinued operations. The Transaction did not include our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our RCI
concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility or our Aimia and Decantae businesses. 
 




 the operating results associated with the Traditional Business have
been reclassified into net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and the assets and liabilities associated with this business have been reflected as assets and liabilities of
discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash flows from the Company&#146;s discontinued operations are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented. 
In
August 2016
 we acquired S&amp;D
 a premium coffee roaster and provider of customized coffee
 tea
 and extract solutions to the foodservice
 convenience
 gas
 hospitality and office segments in the United States (the &#147;S&amp;D
Acquisition&#148;). The aggregate purchase price was $353.6&nbsp;million. The S&amp;D Acquisition was funded through a combination of incremental borrowings under our asset-based lending facility (the &#147;ABL facility&#148;) and proceeds from our
In August 2016
 we acquired Eden
 a leading provider of water and coffee solutions in Europe (the
&#147;Eden Acquisition&#148;). The aggregate purchase price was &#128;515.9&nbsp;million (U.S. $576.3&nbsp;million at the then-current exchange rate). The Eden Acquisition was funded through a combination of proceeds from the 2024 Notes (as defined
In January 2016
 we acquired Aquaterra


Financing
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the
Transaction to retire $525.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;) and retire the remaining $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of 10.000% senior secured notes due 2021 (the
&#147;DSS Notes&#148;). The redemption of our 2022 Notes included $21.2&nbsp;million in premium payments and accrued interest of $2.2&nbsp;million. The redemption of our DSS Notes included $12.5&nbsp;million in premium payments and accrued interest
We also used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to repay in full our $262.5&nbsp;million outstanding
balance on our ABL facility. Additionally
 we amended and restated our ABL facility in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 as further discussed below. 

 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes (as defined below) to redeem $100.0&nbsp;million in
aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The partial redemption of the DSS Notes included $7.7&nbsp;million in premium payments
 of $9.2&nbsp;million
On April&nbsp;5
 2017 and March&nbsp;22
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025
Notes (as defined below) to purchase $422.7&nbsp;million and $202.3&nbsp;million in aggregate principal amount of our $625.0&nbsp;million of 6.75% senior notes due January&nbsp;1
 2020 (the &#147;2020 Notes&#148;). The redemption of our 2020 Notes
included $14.3&nbsp;million and $7.1&nbsp;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $7.4&nbsp;million and $3.1&nbsp;million
 of $5.8&nbsp;million and $2.9&nbsp;million in deferred
financing fees
On March&nbsp;22
 2017
 we issued $750.0&nbsp;million of 5.500% senior notes due
April&nbsp;1
 2025 (the &#147;2025 Notes&#148;) to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#147;Securities Act&#148;)


 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K.
Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries guarantee the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes will mature on April&nbsp;1
 2025 and interest is payable semi-annually on April 1st and October 1st of each year commencing on October&nbsp;1
 2017. We incurred
In June 2016
 we issued &#128;450.0&nbsp;million
(U.S. $539.1&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on December&nbsp;30
 2017) of 5.500% senior notes due July&nbsp;1
 2024 (the &#147;2024 Notes&#148;) to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under the Securities Act
 and
 purchasers pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. We incurred $11.3&nbsp;million of financing fees in connection with the issuance of
the 2024 Notes. The proceeds of the 2024 Notes were used to fund a portion of the purchase price of the Eden Acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. 

 we completed a public offering
 on a bought deal basis
 of 15
088
000 common shares at a price of $15.25 per share for total
gross proceeds to us of $230.1&nbsp;million (the &#147;June 2016 Offering&#148;). We incurred $9.2&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $1.1&nbsp;million in professional fees in connection with the June 2016 Offering. The net proceeds of the
June 2016 Offering were used to repay borrowings under our ABL facility
 to finance the S&amp;D Acquisition and for general corporate purposes. 
 




 we completed a public offering
 on a bought deal basis
 of 12
765
000 common
shares at a price of $11.80 per share for total gross proceeds to us of $150.6&nbsp;million (the &#147;March 2016 Offering&#148;). We incurred $6.0&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $0.8&nbsp;million in professional fees in connection with
the March 2016 Offering. The net proceeds of the March 2016 Offering were used to repay borrowings under our ABL facility and for general corporate purposes. 

 we entered into a sale-leaseback transaction (the &#147;Sale-Leaseback Transaction&#148;) involving three of our continuing
operations and two of our discontinued operations manufacturing
 production and distribution facilities
 all located in North America
 pursuant to which we received cash proceeds on the continuing operations facilities of $25.3&nbsp;million
 after
related transaction expenses
 and recorded a gain of $18.1&nbsp;million. The continuing operations facilities are being leased from the buyer-lessor over an initial lease term of 20 years and the lease is classified as an operating lease. We
determined we have retained the lease rights to the facilities but not the benefits and risks incident to ownership; thus $17.1&nbsp;million of the $18.1&nbsp;million gain was deferred
 with the remaining $1.0&nbsp;million recognized as a gain on
sale in loss on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net in our Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended January&nbsp;2


 we completed a public offering
 on a bought deal basis
 of
16
215
000 common shares at a price of $9.25 per share for total gross proceeds to us of $150.0&nbsp;million (the &#147;2015 Offering&#148;). We incurred $6.0&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $1.5&nbsp;million in professional fees in
connection with the 2015 Offering. The net proceeds of the 2015 Offering were used to redeem all of our Series A Convertible First Preferred Shares (the &#147;Convertible Preferred Shares&#148;) and Series B
 Preferred Shares
&#148; and together with the Convertible Preferred Shares
 the &#147;Preferred
Shares&#148;). 

 compared with net loss from continuing
The following items of significance affected our 2017
financial results: 






 or 39.8%
 in 2017 compared to the prior year due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses
 growth in volume and consumption
 as well as increased pricing
in our Route Based Services reporting segment
 strong coffee volume growth in our Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment
 and the impact of favorable foreign exchange rates. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange
 revenue increased
$633.8&nbsp;million
 or 39.0%
 from the prior year; 






127.7&nbsp;million from $850.1&nbsp;million in the prior year due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses and growth in our DSS business. Gross profit as a percentage
of revenue decreased to 49.7% in 2017 compared to 52.4% in the prior year. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net revenue is due to our S&amp;D business
 which is a lower gross profit business; 







 general and administrative (&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) expenses increased to $1
042.7&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $806.2&nbsp;million in the prior year due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden
businesses. As a percentage of revenue
 SG&amp;A expenses decreased to 45.9% from 49.7% in the prior year; 






 plant and equipment
 net was primarily related to the disposal of $10.2&nbsp;million of equipment that was either replaced or no longer being used in our reporting segments;







businesses; 






 net was $3.0&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to other expense
 net of $5.6&nbsp;million in the prior year due primarily to the increase of net gains on foreign currency transactions and the gain recognized
upon the partial redemption of our DSS Notes in 2017 and unrealized losses on our commodity hedges in the prior year; 






 net increased to $85.5&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $43.0&nbsp;million in the prior year due primarily to the issuance of our 2025 Notes in the first quarter of 2017 and having a full year of
interest expense in 2017 associated with our 2024 Notes; 






valuation allowance recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and the U.S. federal valuation allowance recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016; and 
 

















 or 36.7%
 in 2016 compared to the prior year due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D
 Eden
 and Aquaterra businesses
 partially offset by the impact of unfavorable
foreign exchange rates
 and four less shipping days compared to the prior year in our DSS business. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and four additional shipping days in 2015
 revenue increased $462.0&nbsp;million
 or 39.3%
 from the prior
year; 






 Eden and Aquaterra businesses
 partially offset by the impact of unfavorable
foreign exchange rates and increased operational costs at our DSS business. Gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to 52.4% in 2016 compared to 54.8% in the prior year. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net revenue is due to
our S&amp;D business
 which is a lower gross profit business; 






 Eden and Aquaterra businesses. As a percentage of revenue
SG&amp;A expenses decreased to 49.7% from 51.2% in the prior year; 






 plant and equipment
 net was primarily related to the disposal of $6.6&nbsp;million of equipment that was either replaced or no longer being used in our reporting segments;







Eden and Aquaterra businesses; 






 net was $5.6&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to other income
 net of $12.8&nbsp;million in the prior year due primarily to the reduction of net gains on foreign currency transactions and unrealized losses
on our commodity hedges
 partially offset by realized gains on our commodity hedges; 






 net was $43.0&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to $30.1&nbsp;million in the prior year due primarily to interest on our 2024 Notes issued in the second quarter of 2016; 







U.S. federal valuation allowance recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016; and 






Our
 We believe the
following represent our critical accounting policies: 

affect the amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. The Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates and assumptions that
 in the opinion of management
 were significant to the underlying amounts representing the future valuation of intangible assets
 long-lived assets and goodwill
realization of deferred income tax assets
 the resolution of tax contingencies
 and projected benefit plan obligations. 
 



 

 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. Route Based
Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions are also reportable segments and Aimia
 RCI and Decantae are combined and disclosed in the All Other category. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth quarter
based on our reporting unit carrying values
 calculated as total assets less interest-bearing liabilities
 as of the end of the third quarter
 or more frequently if we determine a triggering event has occurred during the year. Any impairment loss is
recognized in our results of operations. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit basis
 which is an operating segment or a level below an operating segment
 referred to as a component. A component of an operating segment is a
reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. However
 two or more components of an operating segment are
aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. Our Route Based Services operating segment was determined to have three components: DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden. We have determined that DSS and
Aquaterra have similar economic characteristics and have aggregated them as a single reporting unit for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment (&#147;DSSAqua&#148;). For the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment in 2017
 we have
determined our reporting units are DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. DSSAqua and Eden are components of the Route Based Services operating segment. S&amp;D is a component of the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions operating segment.
We had goodwill of $1
104.7&nbsp;million on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December&nbsp;30
 2017
 which represents amounts for the
DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company early adopted Accounting


&#148; as part of the annual goodwill impairment testing. We have
the option of performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether any further quantitative testing for a potential impairment is necessary. Our qualitative assessment will use judgments including
 but not limited to
 changes in the general
economic environment
 industry considerations
 current economic performance compared to historical economic performance
 entity-specific events and events affecting our reporting units
 where applicable. If we elect to bypass the qualitative
assessment or if we determine
 based upon our assessment of those qualitative factors that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its net carrying value
 a quantitative assessment is required. Quantitative
testing requires the fair value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value. If the reporting unit&#146;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 an impairment charge is recognized for the difference. 

 we elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our RCI and Decantae reporting units to assess
whether it was more likely than not the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant reporting unit events
 the impact
of which are all significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair values of the RCI and Decantae reporting units were greater than their respective carrying amount
including goodwill
 indicating no impairment. Goodwill allocated to the RCI and Decantae reporting units as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 is $4.5&nbsp;million and $1.7&nbsp;million
 respectively. 

 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and performed a quantitative
analysis due to a decline in 2017 actual versus projected operating results for DSSAqua and Aimia
 and to establish a baseline reference for Eden and S&amp;D as 2017 was the first full year of operations for these businesses. We determined the fair
value of each reporting unit being evaluated using a mix of the income approach (which is based on the discounted cash flows of the reporting unit) and the guideline public company approach. We weighted the income approach and the guideline public
company approach at 50% each to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. We believe using a combination of these approaches provides a more accurate valuation because it incorporates the expected cash generation of the Company in addition to
how a third-party market participant would value the reporting unit. As the business is assumed to continue in perpetuity
 the discounted future cash flows includes a terminal value. Critical assumptions used in our 2017 valuation of the reporting
units include the weighted-average terminal growth rates of 2.5%
 1.5%
 2.5% and 2.0% and discount rates of 8.0%
 9.0%
 8.5% and 11.0% for our DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 respectively. The terminal growth rate assumption
incorporated into the discounted cash flow calculation reflects our long-term view of the market and industry
 projected changes in the sale of our products
 pricing of such products and operating profit margins. The discount rate was determined
using various factors and sensitive assumptions
 including bond yields
 size premiums and tax rates. This rate was based on the weighted average cost of capital a market participant would use if evaluating the reporting unit as an investment. These
assumptions are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our best estimate of assumptions that market participants would use to determine the fair value of the respective reporting units. The key inputs into the discounted cash flow
analysis were consistent with market data
 where available
 indicating that the assumptions used were in a reasonable range of observable market data. 
 




assumptions made and methods used to determine fair value
 industry trends and other relevant factors
 we noted that the estimated fair values of DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately 42.5%
17.4%
 25.9% and 19.2%
 respectively. Therefore no goodwill impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. Goodwill allocated to the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units as of December&nbsp;30
 2017
are $612.0&nbsp;million
 $324.7&nbsp;million
 $117.8&nbsp;million and $44.0&nbsp;million
In addition
 we note that
goodwill held by reporting units in our Traditional Business totaled $136.8&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017 and is included in long-term assets of discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We elected to perform a qualitative
assessment for our Traditional Business reporting units to assess whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a
number of factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted
projections in prior periods
 the aggregate deal consideration of $1.25&nbsp;billion for the sale of the Traditional Business and other relevant reporting unit events
 all of which require the use of significant judgments and estimates. Based on
these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair values of the Traditional Business reporting units were greater than their respective carrying amounts
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment. 

 the assumptions used in our assessments
 such as
revenue growth rates
 operating profit margins and discount rates
 to reflect any significant changes in the business environment that could materially affect the fair value of our reporting units. Based on the evaluations performed in 2017
 we
Impairment testing of intangible
Our intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to the 2001 acquisition of intellectual property
from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 and include the right to manufacture our concentrates
 with all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and manufacturing information
 and the use of the
Royal Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the &#147;Rights&#148;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of DSS (the &#147;DSS Trademarks&#148;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Eden (the &#147;Eden Trademarks&#148;)
 and
trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Aquaterra (the &#147;Aquaterra Trademarks&#148;). These assets have an aggregate net book value of $288.6&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. There are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
economic
The life of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden
Trademarks
 and Aquaterra Trademarks are considered to be indefinite and therefore these intangible assets are not amortized. Rather
 they are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if we determine a triggering event has occurred
during the year. We compare the carrying amount of the intangible asset to its fair value and when the carrying amount is greater than the fair value
 we recognize in income an impairment loss. During the fourth quarter of 2017
 management concluded
that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra Trademarks were greater than their respective carrying value
 indicating no impairment. 

the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were less than their respective carrying value. The qualitative factors we assessed included macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a
negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant events
 the impact of which are all significant judgements and estimates. We concluded that it was
more likely than not that the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were more than its carrying value and therefore we were not required to perform any additional testing. 

 we use a relief from royalty method of the income approach
 which
calculates a fair value royalty rate that is applied to revenue forecasts associated with those trademarks. The resulting cash flows are discounted using a rate to reflect the risk of achieving the projected royalty savings attributable to the
trademarks. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of these trademarks are subjective and require significant management judgment
 including estimated future revenues
 the fair value royalty rate (which is estimated to be a reasonable
market royalty charge that would be charged by a licensor of the trademarks) and the risk adjusted discount rate. Based on our impairment test
 the estimated fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden Trademarks exceeded the carrying value by
approximately 18.0% and 28.0%
 respectively. If actual revenues in future periods
 are less than currently projected for the DSS Trademarks and Eden Trademarks
 these trademarks could be impaired. 
 



 

 2017
 our intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization for continuing operations were
$462.5&nbsp;million
 which consisted principally of $428.7&nbsp;million of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&nbsp;million of software
 and $14.2&nbsp;million of patents. Customer relationships are typically amortized on an
accelerated basis for the period over which we expect to receive the economic benefits. The customer relationships acquired in connection with the acquisitions of S&amp;D
 Eden
 Aquaterra and DSS are amortized over the expected remaining useful life
 cash flows. We review the estimated useful life of these intangible assets annually
 taking
into consideration the specific net cash flows related to the intangible asset
 unless a review is required more frequently due to a triggering event such as the loss of a significant customer. The permanent loss of
 or significant decline in sales
to customers included in the intangible asset would result in either an impairment in the value of the intangible asset or an accelerated amortization of any remaining value and could lead to an impairment of the fixed assets that were used to
service that customer. We did not record impairment charges for intangible assets in 2017
Impairment of long-lived
When adverse events occur
 we compare the carrying amount of long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash
flows at the lowest level of independent cash flows for the group of long-lived assets and recognize any impairment loss based on discounted cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 taking into consideration the timing of testing and
the asset&#146;s remaining useful life. The expected life and value of these long-lived assets is based on an evaluation of the competitive environment
 history and future prospects as appropriate. 
We
are subject to income taxes in Canada as well as in numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the income tax expense in these jurisdictions. Our income tax expense
 deferred tax assets and
liabilities and reserves for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management&#146;s best assessment of estimated future taxes to be paid in the jurisdictions in which we operate. 

evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise we consider all available positive and negative evidence
 including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable
income
 tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. In projecting future taxable income
 we begin with historical results adjusted for the results of discontinued operations and changes in accounting policies and incorporate assumptions
 operating income
 the reversal of temporary differences
 and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. These assumptions
require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. Changes in tax laws and rates could also affect recorded deferred tax assets
The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex
tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. On December&nbsp;22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#147;Tax Act&#148;).
The Tax Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by
 among other things
 lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from&nbsp;35%&nbsp;to&nbsp;21%
 limiting various business deductions and repealing the corporate alternative minimum
tax. Many provisions in the Tax Act are generally effective in tax years beginning after December&nbsp;31
 2017.&nbsp;U.S. GAAP requires the impact of tax legislation to be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. As a result of the
Tax Act
 of the U.S deferred tax assets and liabilities and $1.3&nbsp;million&nbsp;due to the
repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax. The tax benefits represent provisional amounts and our current best estimates. The provisional amounts incorporate assumptions made based upon our current interpretation of the Tax Act and may be
Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) Accounting Standards Codification (&#147;ASC&#148;) Topic 740
 &#147;Income Taxes&#148; (&#147;ASC 740&#148;) provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than
not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes
 based on the technical merits. ASC 740 also provides guidance on measurement
 derecognition
 classification
 interest and
penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and transition. 
 




judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties
 the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate
of the tax liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. 
We


 The funded status is the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. The adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income represents the net unrecognized
actuarial gains or losses and unrecognized prior service costs. Future actuarial gains or losses that are not recognized as net periodic benefits cost in the same periods will be recognized as a component of other comprehensive income. 

 Switzerland and Israel. We record the expenses
associated with these plans based on calculations which include various actuarial assumptions such as discount rates and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. Material changes in pension costs may occur in the future due to changes in
these assumptions. Future annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return
 changes in the level of contributions to the plans and other factors. 

pricing and yield information for high quality corporate bonds with maturities matched to estimated payouts of future pension benefits. The expected return on plan assets is based on our expectation of the long-term rates of return on each asset
class based on the current asset mix of the funds
 considering the historical returns earned on the type of assets in the funds. We review our actuarial assumptions on an annual basis and make modifications to the assumptions based on current rates
and trends when appropriate. The effects of the modifications to the actuarial assumptions which impact the projected benefit obligation are amortized over future periods. 

 we are required to make contributions on behalf of



 financial measures that exclude certain items to make period-over-period comparisons for our
underlying operations before material charges. We exclude these items to better understand trends in the business. We exclude the impact of foreign exchange to separate the impact of currency exchange rate changes from our results of operations.
We also utilize (loss) earnings before interest expense
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization (&#147;EBITDA&#148;)
 which is GAAP net
(loss) income from continuing operations before interest expense
 net
 (benefit) expense for income taxes and depreciation and amortization. We consider EBITDA to be an indicator of operating performance. We also use EBITDA
 as do analysts
 lenders
investors and others
 because it excludes certain items that can vary widely across different industries or among companies within the same industry. These differences can result in considerable variability in the relative costs of productive assets
and the depreciation and amortization expense among companies. We also utilize adjusted EBITDA
 which is EBITDA excluding acquisition and integration costs
 inventory step up and other purchase accounting adjustments
 (gain) loss on commodity
hedging instruments
 net
 foreign exchange and other (gains) losses
 net
 loss on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net
 gain on extinguishment of long-term debt
 share-based compensation costs
 and other adjustments
 as the case may
be (&#147;Adjusted EBITDA&#148;). We consider Adjusted EBITDA to be an indicator of our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA excludes certain items to make more meaningful period-over-period comparisons of our underlying operations before material
changes. Effective January&nbsp;1
 2017
 share-based compensation expense as a part of annual compensation packages is included as an adjustment to EBITDA
 and prior periods presented have been updated to incorporate the change. This determination
is based upon review of peer companies and business practices among entities undergoing transformation within their operations. 

 we supplement our reporting of net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations determined in accordance
with GAAP by excluding additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment to present free cash flow and adjusted free cash flow (which is free cash flow excluding DSS integration capital expenditures
 acquisition and integration cash costs
 cash
collateral costs and other adjustments)
 which management believes provides useful information to investors about the amount of cash generated by the business that can be used for strategic opportunities
 including investing in our business
 making
strategic acquisitions
 paying dividends
 and strengthening the balance sheet. 
 




understand underlying business performance


 and not meant to be considered superior to
 or a substitute for
 our financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP. In addition


 and may be different from
 and therefore may not be
comparable to
 similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 




revenue for 2017
 2016 and 2015: 













































































(in millions of U.S. dollars
&nbsp;except percentage
amounts)



















Revenue
 net


2
269.7



























1
142.0



















































1
127.7

























1
042.7






















Loss on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net







































































































Other (income) expense
 net

























Interest expense
 net



























































































































































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes













































































 interests
- discontinued operations















































































































































































































 




 gross profit and operating income (loss) by
reporting segment for 2017
 2016 and 2015 (for purposes of the table below
 our corporate oversight function (&#147;Corporate&#148;) is not treated as a segment; it includes certain general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of
the reporting segments): 



























Revenue
 net
















1
501.7












Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions












































2
269.7






















































Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions












































1
127.7




















































Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions


















































































The following tables summarize revenue by channel for 2017
 2016 and 2015: 























For the Year Ended December&nbsp;30
 2017







Coffee
&nbsp;Tea








Revenue
 net














































































































1
501.7











2
269.7










































For the Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016







Coffee
&nbsp;Tea








Revenue
 net

















































































































































 

























For the Year Ended January&nbsp;2
 2016







Coffee
&nbsp;Tea








Revenue
 net









































































































































































For the Year Ended December&nbsp;30
 2017


(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except percentage
amounts)




Coffee
&nbsp;Tea













































































































































































Impact of foreign exchange is the difference between the current year&#146;s revenue translated utilizing the current year&#146;s average foreign exchange rates less
The following
table summarizes the change in revenue by reporting segment for 2016: 






















For the Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016


(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except percentage
amounts)




Coffee
&nbsp;Tea


















































































































































































































































Percentage change in revenue excluding foreign exchange and four additional shipping days in
2015






































Impact of foreign exchange is the difference between the current year&#146;s revenue translated utilizing the current year&#146;s average foreign exchange rates less
the current year&#146;s revenue translated utilizing the prior year&#146;s average foreign exchange rates. 
 




December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 























December&nbsp;30






January&nbsp;2




























Interest expense
 net

































































































Commodity hedging (gain) loss
 net 













Foreign exchange and other (gains) losses
 net













Loss on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net




































































































Includes $3.5&nbsp;million
 $0.4&nbsp;million and $1.2&nbsp;million of share-based compensation costs for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively
 related to awards granted in connection with the acquisitions of our S&amp;D
 Eden and DSS businesses. 



In the fourth quarter of 2016
 unrealized gains and losses associated with coffee hedges were included as adjustments to EBITDA
 while certain realized gains and
losses were not included as adjustments. In 2017


Hedging Activities
&#148; management determined it was appropriate to include these realized and unrealized gains and losses as adjustments to EBITDA for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 

 2017
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively: 























December&nbsp;30






January&nbsp;2

















Less: Additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment










































































































































































In connection with the acquisition of DSS
 $29.4&nbsp;million of cash was required to collateralize certain DSS self-insurance programs. The $29.4&nbsp;million was
funded with borrowings under our ABL facility
 and the cash collateral was included within prepaid and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at January&nbsp;3
 2015. After January&nbsp;3
 2015
 additional letters of credit were
issued from our available ABL facility capacity
 and the cash collateral was returned to the Company and used to repay a portion of our outstanding ABL facility. 
 



 

 or 39.8%
 in 2017 from 2016. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange
 net revenue increased
$633.8&nbsp;million
 or 39.0%
 due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses
 growth in volume and consumption
 as well as increased pricing in our Route Based Services reporting segment
 and strong coffee volume growth in our
Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment. 

 or 36.7%
 in 2016 from 2015. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange and four additional shipping
days in 2015 for DSS
 net revenue increased $462.0&nbsp;million
 or 39.3%
 due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D
 Eden
 and Aquaterra businesses. 
Revenue
 Net Results for Reporting Segments 
Route
Based Services net revenue increased $277.4&nbsp;million
 or 22.7%
 in 2017 from 2016
 due primarily to the addition of our Eden business
 growth in volume and consumption
 increased pricing
 and the impact of favorable foreign exchange rates.
Excluding the impact of foreign exchange
 net revenue increased $260.5&nbsp;million
 or 21.3%
Coffee
 Tea and
Extract Solutions net revenue increased $374.2&nbsp;million
 or 164.1%
 in 2017 from 2016
 due primarily to having a full year of results for S&amp;D in 2017 as compared to five months in the prior year
 as well as strong coffee volume growth in
All Other net revenue decreased $5.1&nbsp;million
 or 3.0%
 in 2017 from 2016. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange
 net
revenue decreased $0.9&nbsp;million
 or 0.5%
 from the prior year. 

 or 19.9%
 in 2016 from 2015. Excluding the impact of four additional shipping
days in 2015 in our DSS business
 net revenue increased $215.6&nbsp;million
 or 21.4%
 due primarily to the incremental revenues from the additions of our Eden and Aquaterra businesses. 

 Tea and Extract Solutions net revenue increased $228.0&nbsp;million in 2016 from 2015
 due primarily to the addition of our S&amp;D
All Other net revenue increased $4.8&nbsp;million
 or 2.9%
 in 2016 from 2015. Excluding
the impact of foreign exchange
 net revenue increased $18.4&nbsp;million
 or 11.1%. 
 



 
Cost of
sales increased to $1
142.0&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $773.1&nbsp;million in 2016 due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses and higher production costs in our DSS business. As a percentage of net revenue
 cost of sales
was 50.3% in 2017 compared to 47.6% in 2016. 

Eden and Aquaterra businesses. As a percentage of net revenue
 cost of sales was 47.6% in 2016 compared to 45.2% in 2015. 
Gross
profit increased to $1
127.7&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $850.1&nbsp;million in 2016 due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses and growth in our DSS business. As a percentage of net revenue
 gross profit was 49.7% in
2017 compared to 52.4% in 2016. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net revenue is due to our S&amp;D business
 which is a lower gross profit business. 
Gross
profit increased to $850.1&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to $650.5&nbsp;million in 2015 due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D
 Eden and Aquaterra businesses
 partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates and increased
operational costs at our DSS business. As a percentage of net revenue
 gross profit was 52.4% in 2016 compared to 54.8% in 2015. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net revenue is due to our S&amp;D business
 which is a lower gross
Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses 
SG&amp;A
expenses increased to $1
042.7&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $806.2&nbsp;million in 2016 due primarily to the additions of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses. As a percentage of net revenue
 SG&amp;A expenses were 45.9% in 2017 compared to 49.7% in
2016. 

S&amp;D
 Eden and Aquaterra businesses. As a percentage of net revenue
Acquisition
and Integration Expenses 

integration expenses decreased to $25.9&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $27.8&nbsp;million in 2016 due primarily to the reduction in costs with the integration of our S&amp;D and Eden businesses. As a percentage of net revenue
 acquisition and
integration expenses were 1.1% in 2017 compared to 1.7% in 2016. 

transaction costs in connection with the additions of our S&amp;D
 Eden and Aquaterra businesses. As a percentage of net revenue
 acquisition and integration expenses were 1.7% in 2016 compared to 1.7% in 2015. 
 



 


 operating income increased by
$39.4&nbsp;million
 or 414.7% due primarily to the addition of the higher gross profit business of Eden
 partially offset by increased SG&amp;A expenses. 


 operating income decreased by
$8.4&nbsp;million
 or 46.9%
 due primarily to increased SG&amp;A expenses and increased acquisition and integration expenses
 partially offset by the additions of the higher gross profit businesses of Eden and Aquaterra. 
Other (Income) Expense
2017
Other income
 net was $3.0&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to other expense
 net of $5.6&nbsp;million in 2016. The
difference was due primarily to the increase of net gains on foreign currency transactions and the gain recognized upon the partial redemption of our DSS Notes in 2017 and unrealized losses on our commodity hedges in 2016. 
Other
expense
 net was $5.6&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to other income
 net of $12.8&nbsp;million in 2015. The difference was due primarily to the reduction of net gains on foreign currency transactions and unrealized losses on our commodity hedges
Interest Expense
 Net 
Interest
expense
 net was $85.5&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $43.0&nbsp;million in 2016. The increase was due primarily to the issuance of our 2025 Notes in the first quarter of 2017 and having a full year of interest expense in 2017 associated with our
2024 Notes. 

 net was $43.0&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to $30.1&nbsp;million in 2015. The increase was due primarily to interest on our
2024 Notes issued in the second quarter of 2016. 
Income
tax benefit was $30.0&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to income tax expense of $21.2&nbsp;million in 2016. The effective income tax rate was 89.3% in 2017 compared to (54.2%) in 2016. The income tax benefit in 2017 was due primarily to the change in
the U.S. federal enacted tax rate in 2017. The income tax expense in 2016 was due primarily to the Canadian valuation allowance recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and the U.S. federal valuation allowance recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016.
The effective tax rate differs from the Canadian statutory rate primarily due to: (a)&nbsp;the change in the U.S. federal enacted tax rate in 2017; (b) significant permanent differences for which we have recognized a tax benefit; (c)&nbsp;income in
tax jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than Canada; and (d)&nbsp;losses in tax jurisdictions with existing valuation allowances. 
Income
tax expense was $21.2&nbsp;million in 2016 compared to income tax benefit of $15.1&nbsp;million in 2015. The effective income tax rate was (54.2%) in 2016 compared to (2
516.7%) in 2015. The effective rate increase in 2016 was due primarily to the
Canadian valuation allowance recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and the U.S. federal valuation allowance recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016. The effective tax rate differs from the Canadian statutory rate primarily due to: (a)&nbsp;the
Canadian valuation allowance recorded in the third quarter of 2016 and the U.S. federal valuation allowance recorded in the fourth quarter of 2016; (b) significant permanent differences for which we have recognized a tax benefit; (c)&nbsp;income in
tax jurisdictions with lower statutory tax rates than Canada; and (d)&nbsp;losses in tax jurisdictions with existing valuation allowances. 
 



 

 2016 and 2015 as reported in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in the
accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2













































































































































Net increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash













Cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash
 beginning of period



























Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents
 end of period













Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents from discontinued operations
 end of period



























Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents from continued operations
 end of period




























$131.1&nbsp;million in 2015. The $30.5&nbsp;million increase in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to the decrease in net loss from continuing operations
 partially offset by the change in working capital account balances relative to the prior
The $14.4&nbsp;million increase in 2016
compared to 2015 was due primarily to the timing of accounts receivable receipts and accounts payable payments relative to the prior year
 partially offset by the release of cash collateral held by third parties in the prior year. 
Cash used in
investing activities from continuing operations was $153.6&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $1
052.6&nbsp;million in 2016 and $66.6&nbsp;million in 2015. The $899.0&nbsp;million decrease in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to the cash used in
the acquisitions of our S&amp;D
 Eden and Aquaterra businesses in the prior year
 partially offset by an increase in additions to property
 plant and equipment relative to the prior year. 
 




acquire the S&amp;D
 Eden and Aquaterra businesses and an increase in purchases of property
 plant and equipment
 partially offset by cash provided by the receipt of proceeds from the Sale-Leaseback Transaction in the comparable prior year. 
Cash provided by
financing activities from continuing operations was $596.5&nbsp;million in 2017 compared to $807.1&nbsp;million in 2016 and cash used in financing activities from continuing operations of $37.5&nbsp;million in 2015. The $210.6&nbsp;million decrease
in 2017 compared to 2016 was due primarily to the receipt of net proceeds from the issuance of common shares and the 2024 Notes in the prior year
 partially offset by the issuance of the 2025 Notes and the partial redemption of the DSS Notes. 

primarily to the receipt of the net proceeds from the March 2016 Offering and the June 2016 Offering
 proceeds received from the issuance of the 2024 Notes
 and an increase in borrowings under our ABL facility
 net of payments. 
As of
December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we had $2
287.0&nbsp;million of debt and $91.9&nbsp;million of cash and cash equivalents compared to $2
199.0&nbsp;million of debt and $78.1&nbsp;million of cash and cash equivalents as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. On
January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds to (i)&nbsp;retire $525.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of our 2022 Notes
 (ii)&nbsp;retire the remaining $250.0&nbsp;million
aggregate principal amount of our DSS Notes
 (iii)&nbsp;repay the $262.5&nbsp;million outstanding balance on our ABL facility
 and (iv)&nbsp;repay $1.9&nbsp;million in aggregate principal outstanding on our GE Term Loan. 

 which includes cash on hand
 available borrowings under our ABL facility and funds provided by
operations
 will be adequate to meet our expenses
 capital expenditures
 and debt service obligations for the next twelve months. Our ability to generate cash to meet our current expenses and debt service obligations will depend on our future
performance. If we do not have enough cash to pay our debt service obligations
 or if the ABL facility or our outstanding notes were to become currently due
 either at maturity or as a result of a breach
 we may be required to take actions such as
amending our ABL facility or the indentures governing our outstanding notes
 refinancing all or part of our existing debt
 selling assets
 incurring additional indebtedness or raising equity. The ABL facility is secured by substantially all of our
assets and those of the respective guarantor subsidiaries. If the ABL facility were to become currently due
 the lenders may have the right to foreclose on such assets. If we need to seek additional financing
 there is no assurance that this
Our ABL facility and debt capital markets transactions are described
In June 2016
 we completed the June 2016 Offering for gross proceeds to us of approximately
$230.1&nbsp;million. We incurred $9.2&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $1.1&nbsp;million in professional fees in connection with the June 2016 Offering. The net proceeds of the June 2016 Offering were used to repay borrowings under our
ABL facility
In March 2016
 we completed the March 2016 Offering
for gross proceeds to us of approximately $150.6&nbsp;million. We incurred $6.0&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $0.8&nbsp;million in professional fees the March 2016 Offering. The net proceeds of the March 2016 Offering were used to
In 2017
 we declared a dividend of $0.06 per common share
We may
 from time to time
 depending on market
conditions
 including without limitation whether our outstanding notes are then trading at a discount to their face amount
 repurchase our outstanding notes for cash and/or in exchange for shares of our common shares
 warrants
 preferred shares
debt or other consideration
 in each case in open market purchases and/or privately negotiated transactions. The amounts involved in any such transactions
 individually or in aggregate
 may be material. However
 the covenants in our ABL facility
subject such purchases to certain limitations and conditions. 
 



 


 2017. 

 including debt agreements and guarantees
 as of
December&nbsp;30
 2017: 










































































































































































































































































































































































































































3
242.3























1
564.3



































On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to redeem the remaining aggregate
principal amount of the DSS Notes and the 2022 Notes. 



The ABL facility is considered a current liability. As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we had $220.3&nbsp;million of outstanding borrowings under the ABL facility. These
borrowings were repaid on January&nbsp;30
 2018 with proceeds from the Transaction. 



In January 2008
 we entered into a capital lease finance arrangement with General Electric Capital Corporation (&#147;GE Capital&#148;) for the lease of equipment. In
September 2013
 we purchased the equipment subject to the lease for an aggregate purchase price of $10.7&nbsp;million
 with the financing for such purchase provided by GE Capital at a 5.23% interest rate. On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with
the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to repay the outstanding balance of the GE Term Loan. 



Interest expense includes fixed interest for one month on the DSS Notes
 the 2022 Notes
 the GE Term Loan and the ABL facility
 and a full year of fixed interest on
the 2024 Notes
 the 2025 Notes
 capital leases and other long-term liabilities. Actual amounts will differ from estimates provided. 



Purchase obligations consist of commitments for the purchase of inventory
 energy transactions
 and payments related to professional fees and technology outsourcing
agreements. These obligations represent the minimum contractual obligations expected under the normal course of business. 



The contractual obligations table excludes the Company&#146;s ASC 740 uncertain tax positions of $16.2&nbsp;million because the Company cannot make a reliable
estimate as to when such amounts will be settled. 
 



 

 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016 was as follows: 































December&nbsp;30
 2017


December&nbsp;31
 2016





























































































































































































































































































2
313.5







2
287.0






























































































Total short-term borrowings required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
divestiture





























































































































































































































































































Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
divestiture
























































1
563.1







1
542.6











































The outstanding aggregate principal amount and unamortized premium of our DSS Notes was $250.0&nbsp;million and $19.9&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017
 and
$350.0&nbsp;million and $34.2&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. 

refinanced the ABL facility from time to time and incurred related financing fees
 $12.4&nbsp;million of which have been capitalized and deferred and are being amortized using the straight-line method over the duration of the amended ABL facility.

 




 2017
 we had $220.3&nbsp;million of outstanding borrowings under the ABL
facility. The commitment fee was 0.375% per annum of the unused commitment
 which
 taking into account $46.0&nbsp;million of letters of credit
 was $233.7&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. The weighted average effective interest rate at
December&nbsp;30
On
January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to repay in full our $262.5&nbsp;million outstanding balance on the ABL facility. Additionally
 we amended and restated
the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 provides us with financing in the United States
 Canada
 the United Kingdom
 Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Cott and its subsidiaries
 Cott Holdings Inc.
 DSS
S&amp;D
 Aimia and Aquaterra
 are borrowers under the ABL facility. The ABL facility is a revolving facility of up to $250.0&nbsp;million with a maturity date of August&nbsp;3
 2021. JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. serves as administrative agent and
administrative collateral agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 London Branch serves as U.K. security trustee. Availability under the ABL facility is dependent on a borrowing base calculated as a percentage of the value of eligible inventory
accounts receivable and property
 plant and equipment in the manner set forth in the credit agreement. Subject to certain conditions
 the ABL facility may be increased up to an additional $100.0&nbsp;million at our option if lenders agree to
increase their commitments. The debt under the ABL facility is guaranteed by most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. and Luxembourg subsidiaries and certain of our Dutch subsidiaries. 


 2017
 we issued $750.0&nbsp;million of our 2025 Notes to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under Rule 144A
under the Securities Act
 purchasers pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. The 2025 Notes were issued by our wholly-owned
subsidiary Cott Holdings Inc.
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K.
 Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries guarantee the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes will mature on April&nbsp;1
 2025 and interest is payable semi-annually on April 1st and October 1st of
each year commencing on October&nbsp;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2025 Notes were used to redeem in full the 2020 Notes
 redeem $100.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of our DSS Notes and to pay related fees and expenses. 

using the effective interest method over an eight-year period
5.500% Senior Notes due in
In June 2016
 we issued &#128;450.0&nbsp;million (U.S. $539.1&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on
December&nbsp;30
 2017) of our 2024 Notes to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. The 2024 Notes were initially issued by our wholly-owned
subsidiary Cott Finance Corporation. In connection with the closing of the Eden Acquisition
 we assumed all of the obligations of Cott Finance Corporation under the 2024 Notes
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries
that are currently obligors under the 2022 Notes and the 2020 Notes entered into a supplemental indenture to guarantee the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature on July&nbsp;1
 2024 and interest is payable semi-annually on January 1st and July 1st
of each year commencing on January&nbsp;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2024 Notes were used to fund a portion of the purchase price of the Eden Acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. 

commitment fees and professional fees in connection with the Eden Acquisition. The financing fees are being amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which represents the term to maturity of the 2024 Notes. The bridge
financing commitment fees and professional fees were recorded in SG&amp;A expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 


 we issued $525.0&nbsp;million of 5.375% senior notes due 2022. The issuer of the notes was our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary Cott
Beverages Inc. (&#147;CBI&#148;)
 and we and most of our U.S.
We incurred
$9.6&nbsp;million of financing fees in connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes. The financing fees were being amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2022 Notes.

 




 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of
the proceeds from the Transaction to redeem in full the 2022 Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included $21.2&nbsp;million in premium payments and $2.2&nbsp;million in accrued interest. 


 DSS (formerly DS Waters of America
 Inc.) issued $350.0&nbsp;million of 10.00% senior secured notes. In connection with the
acquisition of DSS
 our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries became guarantors of the obligations. 

value and the principal amount of $350.0&nbsp;million was being amortized as a component of interest expense over the remaining contractual term of the DSS Notes. We incurred approximately $26.5&nbsp;million of consent solicitation fees and bridge
On May&nbsp;5
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes to redeem
$100.0&nbsp;million in aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The partial redemption of the DSS Notes included $7.7&nbsp;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $1.8&nbsp;million and the
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection
with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to redeem all of the remaining $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included $12.5&nbsp;million
in premium payments
 and $10.3&nbsp;million in accrued interest. 

 we issued $625.0&nbsp;million of 6.75% senior notes due 2020. The issuer of the notes was our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary
CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
We incurred $14.4&nbsp;million of financing
fees in connection with the issuance of the 2020 Notes. The financing fees were being amortized using the effective interest method over a five-year period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2020 Notes. 

 2017 and March&nbsp;22
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes to purchase
$422.7&nbsp;million and $202.3&nbsp;million in aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes. The redemption of the 2020 Notes included $14.3&nbsp;million and $7.1&nbsp;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $7.4&nbsp;million and
$3.1&nbsp;million
 of $5.8&nbsp;million and $2.9&nbsp;million in deferred financing fees
 and other costs of $0.1&nbsp;million. 
In 2008
 we entered
into a capital lease finance arrangement with GE Capital for the lease of equipment. In 2013
 we purchased the equipment subject to the lease for an aggregate purchase price of $10.7&nbsp;million
 with the financing for such purchase provided by GE
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds
from the Transaction to pay the remaining $1.9&nbsp;million outstanding balance of the GE Term Loan. 
Our objective is to
maintain credit ratings that provide us with ready access to global capital and credit markets at favorable interest rates. 
 




 2017
 the Company&#146;s credit ratings were as follows: 










































On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 Moody&#146;s upgraded its rating
Any downgrade of our credit ratings by either Moody&#146;s or
S&amp;P could increase our future borrowing costs or impair our ability to access capital markets on terms commercially acceptable to us or at all. 
Indentures governing our
Under the indentures governing our outstanding notes
 we are subject to a number of covenants
 including covenants
that limit our and certain of our subsidiaries&#146; ability
 subject to certain exceptions and qualifications
 to (i)&nbsp;pay dividends or make distributions
 repurchase equity securities
 prepay subordinated debt or make certain investments
(ii)&nbsp;incur additional debt or issue certain disqualified stock or preferred stock
 (iii)&nbsp;create or incur liens on assets securing indebtedness
 (iv)&nbsp;merge or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our
assets taken as a whole
 (v)&nbsp;enter into transactions with affiliates and (vi)&nbsp;sell assets. The covenants are substantially similar across the series of notes. As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we were in compliance with all of the covenants
under each series of notes. There have been no amendments to any such covenants of our outstanding notes since the date of their issuance or assumption
 as applicable. 
Under the credit agreement
governing the ABL facility
 Cott and its restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. As of
December&nbsp;30
 2017
 the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 was effective if and when aggregate availability was less than the greater of 10% of the lenders&#146; commitments under the ABL facility or $37.5&nbsp;million. If excess
availability was less than the greater of 10% of the aggregate availability under the ABL facility or $37.5&nbsp;million
 the lenders would take dominion over the cash and would apply excess cash to reduce amounts owing under the facility. We were
in compliance with all of the applicable covenants under the ABL facility as of December&nbsp;30
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in
connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we amended and restated the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of August&nbsp;3
 2016
 as amended
 that governed our prior ABL facility. Under the credit agreement governing the ABL
facility
 as amended and restated
 Cott and its restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. The minimum
fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 is effective if and when there exists an event of default or aggregate availability is less than the greater of 10% of the Line Cap under the ABL facility or $22.5&nbsp;million. Line Cap is defined as an
amount equal to the lesser of the lenders&#146; commitments or the borrowing base at such time. If an event of default exists or the excess availability is less than the greater of 10% of the aggregate availability under the ABL facility or
$22.5&nbsp;million
Issuer
During the fourth quarter of 2017
 we did not repurchase any of our common shares. 
During 2017
 277
338
shares (2016&#151;408
744; 2015&#151;91
934) of our previously-issued common shares were withheld from delivery to our employees to satisfy their tax obligations related to share-based awards. 
 



 

 2016
 equity has increased by $11.9&nbsp;million. The increase was due primarily to share-based compensation costs of
$22.9&nbsp;million and currency translation adjustments of $27.2&nbsp;million
 interests of
Common
The board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.06 per common share in each quarter during 2017 and 2016 for
an aggregate dividend payment of approximately $33.7&nbsp;million and $31.7&nbsp;million
 respectively. Cott intends to pay a regular quarterly dividend on its common shares subject to
 among other things
 the best interests of its shareowners
Cott&#146;s results of operations
 cash balances and future cash requirements
 financial condition
 statutory regulations and covenants set forth in the ABL facility and indentures governing our outstanding notes as well as other factors that the
board of directors may deem relevant from time to time. 

June 2015
 we paid approximately $5.9&nbsp;million in dividends to the holders of record of the Preferred Shares. 

 with the approval of our shareowners
 we (i)&nbsp;amended the Amended and Restated Cott Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the
&#147;Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) to
 among other things
 increase the number of shares that may be issued under the Equity Incentive Plan
 and (ii)&nbsp;adopted the Cott Corporation Employee Share Purchase Plan (the &#147;ESPP&#148;) to provide
eligible employees of the Company and its designated subsidiaries with an opportunity to acquire an ownership interest in the Company through the purchase of Company common shares via payroll deductions. 

 which allows eligible shareowners to acquire additional common shares
via reinvestment of cash dividends paid by us. 

related effects or anticipated effects on our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 



We do not trade market risk
sensitive instruments. 

20.0% of 2016 revenue
 and are concentrated principally in the United Kingdom
 Canada
 and Europe. We translate the revenues and expenses of our foreign operations using average exchange rates prevailing during the period. The effect of a 10% change
in the average foreign currency exchange rates among the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian dollar
 pound sterling and Euro for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 would result in our revenues in 2017 changing by $56.1&nbsp;million and our gross
Debt Obligations and
We have exposure to interest rate risk from the outstanding principal amounts of our short-term borrowings on our ABL
facility. Interest rates on our long-term debt are fixed and not subject to interest rate volatility. Our ABL facility is vulnerable to fluctuations in the U.S. short-term base rate and the LIBOR rate. Because we had $220.3&nbsp;million of ABL
borrowings outstanding as of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 a 100 basis point increase in the current per annum interest rate for our ABL facility (excluding the $46.0&nbsp;million of outstanding letters of credit) would result in additional interest
expense of approximately $2.2&nbsp;million. The weighted average interest rate of our outstanding ABL facility at December&nbsp;30
 2017 was 3.1%. 
 




variable versus fixed rate debt through refinancing
 interest rate swaps or other measures in response to the changing economic environment. Historically
 we have not used derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk. If we use and fail to
manage these derivative instruments successfully
 or if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness or otherwise increase our debt capacity in response to changes in the marketplace
 the expense associated with debt service could increase. This
The information below summarizes our market risks associated with
long-term debt obligations as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. The table presents principal cash flows and related interest rates by year. Interest rates disclosed represent the actual weighted average rates as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. 


















(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except percentage
amounts)
















































































































Includes $525.0&nbsp;million and $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of our 2022 Notes and DSS Notes. On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the
closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds to redeem or repay these amounts. 

 we are
subject to market risk with respect to commodity price fluctuations principally related to our purchases of resin for PET
 HDPE and polycarbonate bottles
 tea
 and green coffee. We manage some of our exposure to this risk through the use of supplier
pricing agreements
 which enable us to fix the purchase prices for certain commodities
 as well as derivative financial instruments. We estimate that a 10% increase in the market prices of these commodities over the current market prices would
cumulatively increase our cost of sales during the next 12 months by approximately $36.5&nbsp;million. This change would be material to our cash flows and our results of operations. 




See &#147;Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements.&#148; 










 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 carried out an
evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 (the &#147;Evaluation&#148;). Based upon the Evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 
 



 

 Management evaluates the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control&#151;Integrated Framework (2013). Management
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 and concluded that it was effective as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. 

 2017 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP
 our independent registered certified public accounting firm


herein. 

 2017 that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 




 



 




DIRECTORS
The information required by this
item regarding directors is incorporated by reference to
 and will be contained in
 the &#147;Election of Directors&#148; section of our definitive proxy circular for the 2018 Annual and Special Meeting of Shareowners
 which is expected to be filed
within 120 days after December&nbsp;30
 2017 (the &#147;2018 Proxy Circular&#148;). The information required by this item regarding audit committee financial expert disclosure is incorporated by reference to
 and will be contained in
 the
&#147;Corporate Governance&#148; section of our 2018 Proxy Circular. The information required by this item regarding executive officers appears as the Supplemental Item in Part I. There have been no material changes to the procedures by which
The Audit Committee of our board of directors is an &#147;audit
committee&#148; for the purposes of Section&nbsp;3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended. The Audit Committee charter is posted on our website at www.cott.com. The members of the Audit Committee are Graham Savage (Chairman)
Gregory Monahan and Kenneth C. Keller Jr. As required by the NYSE rules
 the board has determined that each member of the Audit Committee is independent
 financially literate and that Mr.&nbsp;Savage qualifies as an &#147;audit committee financial
All of our directors
 officers and employees
must comply with our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. In addition
 our Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and principal accounting officer and certain other employees have a further obligation to comply with our Code of Ethics for
Senior Officers. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Code of Ethics for Senior Officers are posted on our website
 www.cott.com
 and we intend to comply with obligations to disclose any amendment to
 or waiver of
 provisions of these
codes by posting such information on our website. 

 and will be contained in
 the &#147;Section&nbsp;16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; section of our 2018 Proxy Circular. 



The information required by this item is incorporated by
reference to
 and will be contained in
 the &#147;Compensation of Executive Officers&#148; section of our 2018 Proxy Circular. 





 and will be contained in
 the &#147;Principal Shareowners
&#148;
&#147;Security Ownership of Directors and Management&#148; and &#147;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#148; sections of our 2018 Proxy Circular. 



CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
The
information required by this item is incorporated by reference to
 and will be contained in
 the &#147;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#148; section of our 2018 Proxy Circular. 




The information required by this item is
incorporated by reference to
 and will be contained in
 the &#147;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#148; section of our 2018 Proxy Circular. 
 



 










to Consolidated Financial Statements&#148; and are filed as part of this report. 
Schedule II&#151;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;
31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 &#150; Page 










































Share Purchase Agreement
 dated as of June&nbsp;
7
 2016
 by and among Hydra Luxembourg Holdings S.&agrave;.r.l.
 Carbon Acquisition Co B.V. and Cott Corporation 





















SPA Deed of Amendment
 dated as of August&nbsp;
1
 2016
 by and among Hydra Luxembourg Holdings S.&agrave;.r.l.
 Carbon Acquisition Co B.V. and Cott Corporation 





















Stock and Membership Interest Purchase Agreement
 dated as of August&nbsp;
3
 2016
 by and among Cott Corporation
 Sip Acquisition Company
 S&amp;D Coffee Holding Company
 Alan P. Davis and E. Rhyne Davis
 as Sellers&#146; Representative
 and each of the Sellers party thereto 





















Share Purchase Agreement
 dated as of July&nbsp;
24
 2017
 by and among Cott Corporation
 Refresco Group N.V.
 Refresco US Holdings Inc. and certain other parties thereto 

































































No.&nbsp;

 as amended 










 





















Indenture
 dated as of December&nbsp;
12
 2014
 governing the 6.75% Senior Notes due 2020
 by and among Cott Beverages Inc.
 Cott Corporation
 the guarantors identified therein and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee
 paying agent
 registrar
 transfer agent and authenticating
 agent 











































(First) Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June&nbsp;
25
 2015
 by and among Cott Beverages Inc.
 the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee in connection with the 6.75% Senior Notes due 2020 





















Form of Amended and Restated Indenture
 dated as of December&nbsp;
12
 2014
 governing the 10.000% Second-Priority Senior Secured Notes due 2021
 by and among Cott Corporation
 DS Services of America
 Inc.
 DS Services Holdings
 Inc.
 the other guarantors party thereto from time to time
 and Wilmington Trust
 National
 Association
 as Trustee and Collateral Agent 





















Indenture
 dated as of June&nbsp;
24
 2014
 governing the 5.375% Senior Notes due 2022
 by and among the Cott Beverages Inc.
 Cott Corporation
 the guarantors identified therein and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee
 paying agent
 registrar
 transfer agent and authenticating
 agent 











































Third Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of June&nbsp;
25
 2015
 by and among Cott Beverages
 Inc.
 the guarantors party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as trustee
 in connection with the 5.375% Senior Notes due 2022 





















Indenture
 dated as of June&nbsp;
30
 2016
 by and among Cott Finance Corporation
 BNY Trust Company of Canada
 as Canadian trustee
 The Bank of New York Mellon
 as U.S. trustee
 paying agent
 registrar
 transfer agent and authenticating agent
 and The Bank of New York Mellon
 London Branch
as London paying agent
 governing the 5.50% Senior Notes due 2024 
































 





















Indenture
 dated as of March&nbsp;
22
 2017
 by and among Cott Holdings Inc.
 the guarantors party thereto
 BNY Trust Company of Canada




 registrar
 transfer agent and authenticating agent
 governing the 5.500% Senior Notes due 2025 











































Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 dated as of August&nbsp;3
 2016
 to the Credit Agreement dated as of August&nbsp;
17
 2010
 as amended
 among Cott Corporation
 Cott Beverages Inc.
 Cott Beverages Limited
 Cliffstar LLC
 DS Services of America
 Inc. and the other Loan Parties party thereto
 the Lenders party thereto
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 London Branch as UK security
trustee
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as administrative agent and administrative collateral agent
 and each of the other parties party thereto 





















Second Amendment and Restatement Agreement
 dated as of January&nbsp;30
 2018
 to the Credit Agreement dated as of August&nbsp;
17
 2010
 as amended
 among Cott Corporation
 Cott Beverages Inc.
 Cott Beverages Limited
 Cliffstar LLC
 DS Services of America
 Inc. and the other Loan Parties party thereto
 the Lenders party thereto
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 London Branch as UK security
trustee
 JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as administrative agent and administrative collateral agent
 and each of the other parties party thereto 





















Employment Offer Letter to Jerry Fowden dated February&nbsp;18
 2009 





















Employment Offer Letter to Jay Wells dated January&nbsp;14
 2012 





















First Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated as of December&nbsp;
16
 2014
 between DS Services of America
 Inc. and Thomas J. Harrington 





















Employment Offer Letter to Ron Hinson dated November&nbsp;6
 2017 





















Employment Offer Letter to Marni Morgan Poe dated January&nbsp;14
 2010 





















Employment Offer Letter to Jason Ausher dated May&nbsp;6
 2015 










 





















Employment Offer Letter to Bradley Goist dated April&nbsp;22
 2016 





















Employment Offer Letter to Michael Creamer dated April&nbsp;16
 2007 





















Employment Offer Letter to Steve Erdman dated March&nbsp;17
 2017 





















Employment Offer Letter to Carlos Baila dated September&nbsp;17
 2012 





















Separation Agreement and General Release by and between Cott Corporation and Carlos Baila
 dated January&nbsp;30
 2018 





















 Plan
 dated February&nbsp;18
 2009 























































































Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with Time-Based Vesting under the Amended and Restated Cott Corporation Equity Incentive Plan






















Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement with Performance-Based Vesting under the Amended and Restated Cott Corporation Equity Incentive
 Plan 











































Supply Agreement executed December&nbsp;21
 2010
 effective January&nbsp;1
 2011 between Crown Cork&nbsp;
&amp; Seal USA
 Inc. and Cott Corporation 





















Amendments to Supply Agreement dated November&nbsp;20
 2015 between Crown Cork&nbsp;&amp; Seal USA
 Inc. and Cott Corporation 






















































 





















Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 





















Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017.





















Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. 





















Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. 






















All other schedules
called for by the applicable SEC accounting regulations are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and
 therefore
 have been omitted. 




 



 

 the Registrant has duly caused this report to
be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 












Date: February&nbsp;28
 2018
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated: 










Chief&nbsp;Executive&nbsp;Officer
&nbsp;Director

Date: February&nbsp;28
 2018





Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018






Chief Financial
Officer
Date: February&nbsp;28
 2018





Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018









Date: February&nbsp;28
 2018





Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018







Chairman
Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018





Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018







Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018





Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018







Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018





Date:
February&nbsp;28
 2018

 



 








































 



 



 2017 and December 31
 2016
 and the
related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 30
 2017
 including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index
appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the &#147;consolidated financial statements&#148;). We also have audited the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 30
 2017
 based on criteria established
In our
opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 30
 2017 and December 31
 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended December 30
 2017 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 30
 2017
 based on criteria established in 
The Company&#146;s management
is responsible for these consolidated financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in Management&#146;s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&#147;PCAOB&#148;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud
 and
Our audits of the consolidated financial statements
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test
basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall
presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 


February 28
 2018 

 



 


 except share and per share amounts) 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2














Revenue
 net


2
269.7



1
623.2



1
187.3





1
142.0



























1
127.7










Selling
 general and administrative expenses


1
042.7










Loss on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net























































Other (income) expense
 net













Interest expense
 net



















































































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes (Note 2)









































 interests
- discontinued operations



























 preferred
shares - continued operations


































































































































































































































139
078















139
078


























 



 

























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2
























































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax 













Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments








































































interests



























 preferred
shares








































































Net of the effect of a $0.6&nbsp;million tax benefit
 $0.3&nbsp;million tax benefit and $1.0&nbsp;million tax expense for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 



Net of the effect of a $2.5&nbsp;million tax benefit for the year ended January&nbsp;2
 2016. 

 



 


 except share amounts) 














December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31









































Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $7.8 ($6.3 as of December&nbsp;31
 2016)



























































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net












1
104.7







Intangible assets
 net



















Other long-term assets
 net
































4
093.1




































































































1
542.6




























































3
207.4



























Common shares
 no par - 139
488
805 shares issued (December 31
 2016 - 138
591
100 shares
issued)









Additional





























































































4
093.1



















 



 

























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2










































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes









































Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income from continuing operations to cash flows provided by
operating activities:



















































































Unrealized commodity hedging (gain) loss
 net













Gain on extinguishment of debt
 net













Loss on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net



























Change in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions:











































































































































Acquisitions
 net of cash received













Additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment



























Proceeds from sale of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment and sale-leaseback






















































































































































































































































































































































































































Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents and restricted cash
 beginning of period



























Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents
 end of period













Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents of discontinued operations
 end of period



























Cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents from continuing operations
 end of period



























 Investing and Financing
Activities:













Additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment through accounts payable and accrued liabilities
and other liabilities





































































Cash paid for income taxes
 net













 



 


 except share amounts) 







































































































































Balance at January&nbsp;3
 2015


93
073












































































































































































































































































interest

























































































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax





























Unrealized loss on derivative instruments
 net of tax























































































































Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2016


109
695



















































































































































































Common&nbsp;shares&nbsp;issued&nbsp;-&nbsp;Dividend&nbsp;Reinvestment&nbsp;
Plan






























Common&nbsp;shares&nbsp;issued&nbsp;-&nbsp;Employee&nbsp;Stock&nbsp;Purchase&nbsp;
Plan



















































































































































































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax





























Unrealized gain on derivative instruments
 net of tax

























































































Balance at December&nbsp;31
 2016


138
591







































































































































































































































































































































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax





























Unrealized loss on derivative instruments
 net of tax

























































































Balance at December&nbsp;30
 2017


139
489
























































 



 
As used herein
&#147;Cott
&#148; &#147;the Company
&#148; &#147;our Company
&#148; &#147;Cott Corporation
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; or &#147;our&#148; refers to Cott Corporation
 together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Cott is a route based
service company with a leading volume-based national presence in the North America and European home and office delivery (&#147;HOD&#148;) industry for bottled water and a leader in custom coffee roasting
 blending of iced tea and extract solutions
for the U.S. foodservice industry.&nbsp;Our platform reaches over 2.4&nbsp;million customers or delivery points across North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales and distribution facilities and fleets
 as well as wholesalers
and distributors.&nbsp;This enables us to efficiently service residences
 businesses
 restaurant chains
 hotels and motels
 small and large retailers
 and healthcare facilities. 

These Consolidated
Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;GAAP&#148;) using the U.S. dollar as the reporting currency
 as the majority of our business and the majority of our shareowners are in
At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four reporting segments
 Water and Coffee Solutions (which
included our DS Services of America
 Inc. (&#147;DSS&#148;)
 Aquaterra Corporation (&#147;Aquaterra&#148;)
 Eden Springs Europe B.V. (&#147;Eden&#148;) and S. &amp; D. Coffee
 Inc. (&#147;S&amp;D&#148;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott United
Kingdom (&#147;Cott U.K.&#148;) and All Other (which included our Mexico and Royal Crown International (&#147;RCI&#148;) operating segments). 

 we reviewed our reporting segments as a result of the Transaction (as defined below). Following such review
we reorganized our reporting segments into three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions (which includes our S&amp;D business) and All Other (which includes
our Aimia Foods (&#147;Aimia&#148;) and Decantae Mineral Water Ltd. (&#147;Decantae&#148;) business
 our RCI concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have been
recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment; it includes certain general and administrative costs that are not allocated to any of the reporting segments. 

 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 we had 52 weeks of activity. For the year ended
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 we had four additional shipping days in our Route Based Services reporting segment
 which we estimate contributed $12.5&nbsp;million of additional revenue and $0.1&nbsp;million of additional operating income for the year ended
January&nbsp;2
 2016. 

 our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures that we
control. All intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. 

 2017
 we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement with Refresco Group N.V.
 a Dutch public company (&#147;Refresco&#148;)
pursuant to which we sold to Refresco
 on January&nbsp;30
 2018
 our carbonated soft drinks (&#147;CSDs&#148;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North America
 United Kingdom (&#147;U.K.&#148;) and Mexico business units (including the
Canadian business) and our RCI finished goods export business (collectively
 &#147;Traditional Business&#148; and such transaction
 the &#147;Transaction&#148;). The Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian business and a
sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions after we completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate deal consideration was $1.25&nbsp;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject
to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the sale of the Traditional Business representing a strategic shift and having a major effect on our operations
 the
Traditional Business is presented herein as discontinued operations. The Traditional Business excludes our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI concentrate businesses and our
Columbus
For all periods presented
 the operating results associated with the Traditional Business have
been reclassified into net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the assets and liabilities associated with this business have been reflected as current and long-term assets
and liabilities of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash flows from the Company&#146;s discontinued operations are presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented. The Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements are presented on a continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted. 
 



 for the three and nine months ended
September&nbsp;30
 2017
 the Company originally reported the $525.0&nbsp;million of 5.375% senior notes due 2022 (the &#147;2022 Notes&#148;)
 the $625.0&nbsp;million of 6.75% senior notes due 2020 (the &#147;2020 Notes&#148;)
 the asset-based
lending facility (the &#147;ABL facility&#148;) and certain other debt as liabilities of discontinued operations.&nbsp;However
 since Refresco did not assume the debt upon closing of the sale of the Traditional Business
 these items should not have
been classified as discontinued operations.&nbsp;Management has evaluated this misclassification and determined the amounts are not material to the previously issued financial statements.&nbsp;The 2022 Notes
 the 2020 Notes
 and certain other debt
are presented as &#147;Debt required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&#148; and the ABL facility is presented as &#147;Short-term borrowings required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&#148; on the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

affect the amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates. The Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates and assumptions that
 in the opinion of management
 were significant to the underlying amounts representing the future valuation of intangible assets
 long-lived assets and goodwill
realization of deferred income tax assets
 the resolution of tax contingencies and projected benefit plan obligations. 

 net of sales returns
 when ownership passes to customers for products manufactured in our own plants and/or by
third-parties on our behalf
 and when prices to our customers are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. This may be upon shipment of goods or upon delivery to the customer
 depending on contractual terms. Shipping and handling
costs paid by the customer to us are included in revenue. Although we occasionally accept returns of products from our customers
 historically returns have not been material. 

 brewers and dispensing equipment at customer locations based on the terms of the related rental
agreements
 periods. Amounts billed to customers for rental in future periods are deferred and included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 including volume-based incentives
 contractual rebates and promotional
allowances. Volume incentives are based on our customers achieving volume targets for a period of time. Volume incentives and contractual rebates are deducted from revenue and accrued as the incentives are earned and are based on management&#146;s
estimate of the total the customer is expected to earn and claim. Promotional allowances are accrued at the time of revenue recognition and are deducted from revenue based on either the volume shipped or the volume sold at the retailer location
depending on the terms of the allowance. We regularly review customer sales forecasts to ensure volume targets will be met and adjust incentive accruals and revenues accordingly. 
We record costs associated
with the manufacturing of our products in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to store
 prepare and move products between production facilities or from production facilities to branch locations or storage facilities are recorded in
cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to deliver products from our Route Based Services and Coffee
 consumer of those
products are recorded in selling
 general and administrative (&#147;SG&amp;A&#148;) expenses. All other costs incurred in shipment of products from our production facilities to customer locations are reflected in cost of sales. Shipping and handling
costs included in SG&amp;A were $440.8&nbsp;million
 $360.4&nbsp;million
 and $281.9&nbsp;million for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. Finished goods inventory costs include the
Selling
 general and administrative expenses
We record all other expenses not charged to production as SG&amp;A expenses. Advertising costs are expensed at the commencement of an
advertising campaign and are recognized as a component of SG&amp;A expenses. Advertising costs are not significant to any reporting segment other than Route Based Services. Advertising costs expensed were approximately $21.6 million
$20.8&nbsp;million
 and $18.0&nbsp;million for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and January&nbsp;2
 2016
 respectively. 
 



 

 Performance-based RSUs
 stock options and director share awards have been granted (as such terms are defined in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). Share-based compensation expense for all share-based
compensation awards is based on the grant-date fair value. We recognized these compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of three years
 and account for
forfeitures when they occur. The fair value of the Company&#146;s Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based RSUs and director share awards are based on the closing market price of its common shares on the date of grant as stated on the NYSE. We estimate
 options as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model considers
 among other factors
 the expected life of the award
 the expected volatility
of the Company&#146;s share price
All
excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based compensation are recognized in results of operations at settlement or expiration of the award. The excess tax benefit or deficiency is calculated as the difference between the grant
date price and the price of our common shares on the vesting or exercise date. 

The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents approximate the amounts shown on our Consolidated Balance Sheets due to their short-term nature. 
A


amount based on the evaluation of the aging of accounts receivable
 detailed analysis of high-risk customers&#146; accounts
 and the overall market and economic conditions of our customers. This evaluation considers the customer demographic
 such as
large retailers as compared to small businesses or individual customers. We consider our accounts receivable delinquent or past due based on payment terms established with each customer. Accounts receivable are written off when the account is
determined to be uncollectible. 



 method
 or net realizable value. Returnable bottles are valued at the lower of cost


 direct labor and manufacturing overhead costs. As a result
 we use an inventory reserve to adjust our inventory costs down to a net realizable
value and to reserve for estimated obsolescence of both raw materials and finished goods. 

customers return such bottles in satisfactory condition. The associated bottle deposit liability is estimated based on the number of water customers
 average consumption and return rates and bottle deposit market rates. The Company analyzes these
Property
 plant and equipment 

 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is allocated between cost of sales and SG&amp;A
Leasehold improvements are
amortized using the straight-line method over the remaining life of the lease or useful life of the asset
 whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expense when incurred. 
Goodwill represents the excess
purchase price of acquired businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized
 but instead is tested for impairment at least annually. 
 




2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 





































Coffee
&nbsp;Tea




































Balance January&nbsp;2
 2016























































































Balance December&nbsp;31
 2016














































































































Balance December&nbsp;30
 2017















































For the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
segments in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;D (see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 

 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. Route Based
Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions are also reportable segments and Aimia
 RCI and Decantae are combined and disclosed in the All Other category. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth quarter
based on our reporting unit carrying values
 bearing liabilities
 as of the end of the third quarter
 or more frequently if we determine a triggering event has
occurred during the year. Any impairment loss is recognized in our results of operations. We evaluate goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit basis
 which is an operating segment or a level below an operating segment
 referred to as a component.
A component of an operating segment is a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available and management regularly reviews the operating results of that component. However
 two or more
components of an operating segment are aggregated and deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar economic characteristics. Our Route Based Services operating segment was determined to have three components
 DSS
 Aquaterra and
Eden. We have determined that DSS and Aquaterra have similar economic characteristics and have aggregated them as a single reporting unit for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment (&#147;DSSAqua&#148;). For the purpose of testing goodwill
for impairment in 2017
 we have determined our reporting units are DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. DSSAqua and Eden are components of the Route Based Services operating segment. S&amp;D is a component of the Coffee
 Tea and Extract
We had goodwill of $1
104.7&nbsp;million on our Consolidated Balance Sheet at December&nbsp;30
 2017
 which
represents amounts for the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company


&#148; as part of the annual goodwill
impairment testing. We have the option of performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether any further quantitative testing for a potential impairment is necessary. Our qualitative assessment will use judgments including
 but not limited to
changes in the general economic environment
 industry considerations
 current economic performance compared to historical economic performance
 entity-specific events and events affecting our reporting units
 where applicable. If we elect to bypass
the qualitative assessment or if we determine
 based upon our assessment of those qualitative factors that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its net carrying value
 a quantitative assessment is
required. Quantitative testing requires the fair value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value. If the reporting unit&#146;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 an impairment charge is recognized for the difference. 

 we elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our RCI and Decantae reporting units to assess
whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic
conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant reporting unit events
the impact of which are all significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair values of the RCI and Decantae reporting units were greater than their respective carrying
amount
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment. Goodwill allocated to the RCI and Decantae reporting units as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 is $4.5&nbsp;million and $1.7&nbsp;million
 respectively. 
 




 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 we elected to bypass the qualitative
assessment and performed a quantitative analysis due to a decline in 2017 actual versus projected operating results for DSSAqua and Aimia
 and to establish a baseline reference for Eden and S&amp;D as 2017 was the first full year of operations for
these businesses. We determined the fair value of each reporting unit being evaluated using a mix of the income approach (which is based on the discounted cash flows of the reporting unit) and the guideline public company approach. We weighted the
income approach and the guideline public company approach at 50% each to determine the fair value of each reporting unit. We believe using a combination of these approaches provides a more accurate valuation because it incorporates the expected cash
generation of the Company in addition to how a third-party market participant would value the reporting unit. As the business is assumed to continue in perpetuity
 the discounted future cash flows includes a terminal value. Critical assumptions used
in our 2017 valuation of the reporting units include the weighted-average terminal growth rates of 2.5%
 1.5%
 2.5% and 2.0% and discount rates of 8.0%
 9.0%
 8.5% and 11.0% for our DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 respectively. The
terminal growth rate assumption incorporated into the discounted cash flow calculation reflects our long-term view of the market and industry
 projected changes in the sale of our products
 pricing of such products and operating profit margins. The
discount rate was determined using various factors and sensitive assumptions
 including bond yields
 size premiums and tax rates. This rate was based on the weighted average cost of capital a market participant would use if evaluating the reporting
unit as an investment. These assumptions are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our best estimate of assumptions that market participants would use to determine the fair value of the respective reporting units. The key inputs
into the discounted cash flow analysis were consistent with market data
 where available
 indicating that the assumptions used were in a reasonable range of observable market data. 

value
 industry trends and other relevant factors
 we noted that the estimated fair values of DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately 42.5%
 17.4%
 25.9% and 19.2%
 respectively. Therefore no
goodwill impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. Goodwill allocated to the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 are $612.0&nbsp;million
 $324.7&nbsp;million
$117.8&nbsp;million and $44.0&nbsp;million
In addition
 we note that goodwill held by reporting units in our Traditional
Business totaled $136.8&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017 and is included in long-term assets of discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our Traditional Business reporting
units to assess whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited to
macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 the aggregate deal
consideration of $1.25&nbsp;billion for the sale of the Traditional Business and other relevant reporting unit events
 all of which require the use of significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more
likely than not that the fair values of the Traditional Business reporting units were greater than their respective carrying amounts
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment. 

 the assumptions used in our assessments
 such as
revenue growth rates
 operating profit margins and discount rates
 to reflect any significant changes in the business environment that could materially affect the fair value of our reporting units. Based on the evaluations performed in 2017
 we
determined that the fair value of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying amounts. 

 2017
 our intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization were $462.5&nbsp;million
consisting principally of $428.7&nbsp;million of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&nbsp;million of software
 and $14.2&nbsp;million of patents. Customer relationships are typically amortized on an accelerated basis for the
period over which we expect to receive the economic benefits. With the S&amp;D Acquisition
 Eden Acquisition
 and Aquaterra Acquisition
 the acquired customer relationships are amortized over the expected remaining useful life of those relationships
 cash flows. We review the estimated useful life of these intangible assets annually
 unless a review is required more
frequently due a triggering event
 such as a loss of a significant customer. Our review of the estimated useful life takes into consideration the specific net cash flows related to the intangible asset. The permanent loss of
 or significant decline
in sales to customers included in the intangible asset would result in either an impairment in the value of the intangible asset or an accelerated amortization of any remaining value and could lead to an impairment of the fixed assets that were used
to service that customer. In 2016
 we recorded $11.4&nbsp;million in customer relationships acquired with the Aquaterra Acquisition
 $134.1&nbsp;million in customer relationships acquired with the Eden Acquisition
 and $113.7&nbsp;million in
customer relationships acquired with the S&amp;D Acquisition. We did not record impairment charges for other intangible assets in 2017
 2016 or 2015. 
 




property from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 and include the right to manufacture our concentrates
 with all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and manufacturing information
 and the
use of the Royal Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the &#147;Rights&#148;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of DSS (the &#147;DSS Trademarks&#148;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Eden (the &#147;Eden
Trademarks&#148;)
 and trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Aquaterra (the &#147;Aquaterra Trademarks&#148;). These assets have an aggregate net book value of $288.6&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. There are no legal
 regulatory
contractual
 competitive
 economic
The life of the Rights
 DSS
Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra Trademarks are considered to be indefinite and therefore these intangible assets are not amortized. Rather
 they are tested for impairment at least annually or more frequently if we determine a triggering
event has occurred during the year. We compare the carrying amount of the intangible asset to its fair value and when the carrying amount is greater than the fair value
 we recognize in income an impairment loss. During the fourth quarter of 2017
management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair value of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra Trademarks were greater than their respective carrying value
 indicating no impairment. 

the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were less than their respective carrying value. The qualitative factors we assessed included macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a
negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant events
 the impact of which are all significant judgements and estimates. We concluded that it was
more likely than not that the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were more than its carrying value and therefore we were not required to perform any additional testing. 

 we use a relief from royalty method of the income approach
 which
calculates a fair value royalty rate that is applied to revenue forecasts associated with those trademarks. The resulting cash flows are discounted using a rate to reflect the risk of achieving the projected royalty savings attributable to the
trademarks. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of these trademarks are subjective and require significant management judgment
 including estimated future revenues
 the fair value royalty rate (which is estimated to be a reasonable
market royalty charge that would be charged by a licensor of the trademarks) and the risk adjusted discount rate. Based on our impairment test
 the estimated fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden Trademarks exceeded the carrying value by
approximately 18.0% and 28.0%
 respectively. If actual revenues in future periods
 are less than currently projected for the DSS Trademarks and Eden Trademarks
 these trademarks could be impaired. 


 we compare the carrying amount of long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows at the lowest
level of independent cash flows for the group of long-lived assets and recognize any impairment loss based on discounted cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 taking into consideration the timing of testing and the asset&#146;s
remaining useful life. The expected life and value of these long-lived assets is based on an evaluation of the competitive environment
 history and future prospects as appropriate. We did not record impairments of long-lived assets in 2017 or 2016.
As part of normal business operations
 we identify long-lived assets that are no longer productive and are disposed. Losses on disposals of assets are presented separately in our Consolidated Statements of Operations as part of operating income. We
recognized losses on disposal of property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net of $10.2&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 ($6.6 million&#151;December 31
 2016; $4.2 million&#151;January 2
 2016). 


instruments are recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We manage credit risk related to the derivative financial instruments by requiring high
credit standards for our counterparties and periodic settlements. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our derivative financial instruments. 
The assets
 active operations
 all of which are self-sustaining
 are translated to U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenues and expenses are translated
using average monthly exchange rates prevailing during the period. The resulting gains or losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 



 

between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 using currently enacted income tax rates. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred income tax assets if
 on the basis of
available evidence
 it is not more likely than not that all or a portion of any deferred tax assets will be realized. The consideration of available evidence requires significant management judgment including an assessment of the future periods in
The ultimate
realization of the deferred tax assets
 related to net operating losses
 is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods prior to their expiration. If our estimates and assumptions about future taxable income are not
appropriate
 the value of our deferred tax assets may not be recoverable
 which may result in an increase to our valuation allowance that will impact current earnings. 
 process. The first step is to evaluate the tax
position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes
 based on the
technical merits. The second step requires management to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such
amounts
 these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is based on factors including
 but not limited
to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the
We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the income tax (benefit) expense line in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and we include accrued interest and penalties within the accounts payable and accrued liabilities or the prepaid expenses and other current assets line in the accompanying Consolidated Balance
We record
annual amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans based on calculations
 which include various actuarial assumptions such as discount rates and assumed rates of return on plan assets depending on the pension plan. Material changes in pension
costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
 changes in the level of contributions to the
plans and other factors. The funded status is the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Future actuarial gains or losses that are not recognized as net periodic benefits cost in the same periods will be
recognized as a component of other comprehensive income. 


 &#150; Inventory (Topic 330) to simplify the accounting for
inventory. The guidance requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of
completion
 disposal and transportation. The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance effective January&nbsp;1
 2017
 and applied it prospectively to all periods presented. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our
 &#150; Intangibles&#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)
In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance&nbsp;regarding goodwill impairment. The amendments remove certain conditions of the
goodwill impairment test and simplify the computation of impairment. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption
permitted for any tests performed after January&nbsp;1
 2017. The amendments in this update should be applied prospectively
 with disclosure required as to the nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle upon transition. In the
fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company early adopted ASU 
 



 &#150; Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):
In August 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the improvement of
 risks. It also enhances the transparency of how hedging results are
presented and disclosed. Further
 the new standard provides partial relief on the timing of certain aspects of hedge documentation and eliminates the requirement to recognize hedge ineffectiveness separately in earnings. The guidance is designed to
align hedge accounting with a company&#146;s risk management activities and simplifies its application through targeted improvements by expanding the list of items eligible to be hedged and amending the methods used to measure the effectiveness of
hedging relationships. Additionally it prescribes how hedging results should be presented and requires incremental disclosures. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 and interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company has early adopted
 in an interim period
 the targeted improvements to accounting for hedging activities. The transition date is October&nbsp;1
 2017 (&#148;Adoption Date&#148;). The impacts to the Company at
 did not result in a cumulative adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and did not
have any other material effect on the results of operations


 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842) &#150; Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff Announcement at
the July&nbsp;20
In August 2017
 the FASB
issued an update to its guidance that delays the mandatory adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 for certain entities
 revises the guidance related to performance-based incentive fees in Topic 605 and revises the guidance related to leases in Topic
840 and Topic 842. The revisions to the lease guidance eliminate language specific to certain sale-leaseback arrangements
 guarantees of lease residual assets and loans made by lessees to owner-lessors. Also included is an amendment to Topic 842 to
retain the guidance in Topic 840 covering the impact of changes in tax rates on investments in leveraged leases. This standard
 which is effective immediately
 generally relates to the adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 and did not have a material
impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 


 the FASB amended its guidance regarding revenue recognition and created a new Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.
The objectives for creating Topic 606 were to remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue recognition
 provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues
 provide more useful information to users of the financial statements through
improved disclosure requirements
 simplify the preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer
 and improve comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
jurisdictions and capital markets. The core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To achieve the core principle
 an entity should apply the following steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3)
determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. For public entities
 the amendments are effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within that reporting period. The amendments may be applied retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or retrospectively with the
We will adopt this guidance and
related amendments as of December&nbsp;31
 2017. The standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company has elected the cumulative effect method. We will be required to comply with expanded
disclosure requirements
 including the disaggregation of revenues to depict the nature and uncertainty of types of revenues
 contract assets and liabilities
 current period revenues previously recorded as a liability
 performance obligations
significant judgments and estimates affecting the amount and timing of revenue recognition
 determination of transaction prices
 and allocation of transaction prices to performance obligations. 

 the Company completed its analysis of the impact of the standard on its contract types
 and concluded the adoption of this
standard will not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. We have also modified current processes and controls to apply the requirements of the new standard. We do not believe such modifications are material to our internal
controls over financial reporting. 

 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on lease accounting for lessees and lessors. This update revises accounting for
operating leases by a lessee
 among other changes
 and requires a lessee to recognize a liability to make lease payments and an asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term in the balance sheet. The

 




distinction between finance and operating leases has not changed and the update does not significantly change the effect of finance and operating leases on the Consolidated Statements of
Operations and the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Additionally
 this update requires both qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the earliest
comparative period presented in the financial statements
We are currently assessing the
impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company is evaluating the standard&#146;s applicability to our various contractual arrangements. We currently believe that the most significant changes relate to the
recognition of new right of use assets and lease liabilities for real estate and equipment leases
 which will result in increases to our assets and liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that substantially all of our lessee lease
arrangements will continue to be classified as operating leases under the new standard.&nbsp;Additionally
 we had $19.9&nbsp;million of deferred gains at December&nbsp;31
 2016 associated with sale-leaseback transactions which are currently being
amortized over the leaseback term. Upon adoption of this standard
 we will be required to recognize the unamortized deferred gain at January&nbsp;1
 2017 as a cumulative effect adjustment to equity. In addition
 upon adoption of this standard
deferred gains related to the sale-leaseback transactions completed in 2017 of $7.9&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017 will be recognized in net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the year ended December&nbsp;30
The standard also requires lessors to classify leases as sales-type
 direct
financing or operating leases
 similar to existing guidance. We believe that substantially all of our lessor lease arrangements will continue to be classified as operating leases under the new standard.


 the FASB amended its guidance to measure all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on
historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Entities will now use forward-looking information to better form their credit loss estimates. The amended guidance also requires enhanced disclosures to help
financial statement users better understand significant estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses
 as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an entity&#146;s portfolio. The amendments in this update are effective for
fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2019
 including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption will be permitted for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years.
This guidance will be applied using a prospective or modified retrospective transition method
 depending on the area covered in this update. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 the FASB amended its guidance regarding business combinations. The amendment clarified the definition of a business with the
objective of adding guidance to assist entities with evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amendments provide an analysis of fair value of assets acquired to determine
when a set of assets is not a business
 and uses more stringent criteria related to inputs
 substantive process
 and outputs to determine if a business exists. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied prospectively on or after the effective date with no requirement for disclosures at


 the FASB issued an
update to its guidance on presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement pension cost
 and requires the service cost component to be presented in the same line item or items as other compensation costs arising from
services rendered by the pertinent employees during the period. The other components of net benefit cost are required to be presented in the income statement separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal of income from
operations. The amendments in this update also allow only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization when applicable. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
December&nbsp;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. At adoption
 this update will be applied retrospectively for the presentation of the service cost component and other components of net
periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit cost in the income statement and prospectively
 on or after the effective date
 for the capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
post-retirement benefit in assets. Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an entity should provide disclosures about a change in accounting principle. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
Statements. 
 



 &#150; Receivables&#151;Nonrefundable Fees and
In March 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance on accounting for
debt securities. The amendments shorten the amortization period for certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date. The amendments do not require an
accounting change for securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be amortized to maturity. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including interim
periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. At
adoption
 this update will be applied using a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the period of adoption. Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an entity should
provide disclosures about a change in accounting principle. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the scope of modification accounting for share-based compensation arrangements. The
amendments provide guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in any interim period
 for public entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. The amendments in this update
should be applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption date. We do not expect adoption of this standard to have a significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 


 the FASB amended its guidance which allows a reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to retained
earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the comprehensive tax legislation enacted by the U.S. government on December 22
 2017 commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#147;Tax Act&#148;) and requires certain disclosures about
stranded tax effects. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 and may be applied in
the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate in the Tax Act is recognized. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated
Financial Statements. 

 2018
 the Company completed the sale of the Traditional Business to Refresco. The Transaction was structured as a sale of
the assets of the Canadian business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions after the Company completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate deal consideration was
$1.25&nbsp;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. The Traditional Business excludes our Company&#146;s Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract
Solutions reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI concentrate businesses
 and our Columbus
In
connection with the closing of the Transaction
 the Company used a portion of the proceeds to redeem $525.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of the 10.000% senior secured notes
due 2021 (the &#147;DSS Notes&#148;)
The Company and Refresco have
entered into a Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company and Refresco will provide certain services to each other for various service periods
 with the longest service period being 18 months
 including tax and accounting services
certain human resources services
 communications systems and support
 and insurance/risk management. Each party will be compensated for services rendered as set forth in the Transition Services Agreement. Each service period may be extended as set
forth in the Transition Services Agreement
In addition
 the Company and Refresco have entered
 Manufacturing Agreements pursuant to which the Company and Refresco will manufacture and supply certain beverage products for each other and a Concentrate Supply Agreement pursuant to
 Manufacturing Agreements provide for a
term of 36 months and the Concentrate Supply Agreement provides for a term that is coterminous with the term of the Transition Services Agreement. 
 




 net of income taxes in
the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations include the following: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2














Revenue
 net


1
637.1















1
428.4


























Loss from discontinued operations
 before income taxes



























Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes














interests































The Transaction is anticipated to result in a gain on sale which led to certain U.S. deferred tax liabilities being considered as a source of future taxable income.
As a result
 we recognized a tax benefit of approximately $26.9&nbsp;million related to a corresponding U.S. valuation allowance release. 




million for the year ended December 30
 2017 (December&nbsp;31
 2016 - $81.2 million; January 2
 2016 - $80.9 million). 

 2017 and
December&nbsp;31
 2016 include the following: 














December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31























Accounts receivable
 net

















































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net



















Intangible assets
 net









Other long-term assets
 net




















































































































































Cash flows from discontinued operations included borrowings and payments under the ABL facility of
$3
004.1&nbsp;million and $2
990.7&nbsp;million
 respectively
 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 $2
401.7&nbsp;million and $2
318.9&nbsp;million
 respectively
 for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and $994.5&nbsp;million and
$1
101.8&nbsp;million
 respectively
 for the year ended January&nbsp;2
 2016. 
 



 
On
August&nbsp;11
 2016
 the Company acquired S&amp;D
 a premium coffee roaster and provider of customized coffee
 tea and extract solutions (the &#147;S&amp;D Acquisition&#148;). The initial purchase price paid by the Company in the S&amp;D
Acquisition was $354.1&nbsp;million on a debt- and cash-free basis. Customary post-closing working capital adjustments were resolved in January 2017 by the payment of $0.5&nbsp;million from the former owners of S&amp;D to the Company. The S&amp;D
Acquisition was funded through a combination of incremental borrowings under the Company&#146;s ABL facility and proceeds from our June 2016 Offering (as defined below). 
























































The S&amp;D Acquisition supported the Company&#146;s strategy to become a more diversified beverage provider
across multiple channels and geographies
 as well as expanding the Company&#146;s existing coffee and tea categories. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination which requires that assets acquired and liabilities
The adjusted purchase price of $353.6&nbsp;million was allocated to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based on management&#146;s estimates of their fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the adjusted purchase price over the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill. Measurement period adjustments
recorded during the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 included adjustments to property
 plant and equipment and a related adjustment to deferred taxes based on the results of the validation procedures performed
 as well as an adjustment to income
taxes payable existing at the acquisition date. These measurement period adjustments did not have a material effect on our results of operations in prior periods. 

 measurement period adjustments recorded and the
final purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 



















































































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment










































































































































The amount of revenues and net loss related to the S&amp;D Acquisition included in the Company&#146;s
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 for the period from the acquisition date through December&nbsp;31
 2016 were $228.0&nbsp;million and $2.8&nbsp;million
 respectively. During the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company incurred $3.5&nbsp;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the S&amp;D Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. In connection with the S&amp;D Acquisition
 the Company granted 416
951 common shares to certain S&amp;D employees which were fully vested upon issuance and had an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately
$7.1&nbsp;million. 
 



 

 2016
 the Company acquired Eden
 a leading provider of water and coffee solutions in Europe (the &#147;Eden
Acquisition&#148;). The initial purchase price paid by the Company was &#128;517.9&nbsp;million (U.S. $578.5&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on the acquisition date)
 which represented the &#128;470.0&nbsp;million stated purchase price
&#128;17.5&nbsp;million of cash on hand
 estimated working capital of &#128;15.4&nbsp;million
 and other items of &#128;15.0&nbsp;million
 paid at closing in cash. The initial purchase price was subject to adjustments upon the determination of
actual working capital
 net indebtedness and certain transaction related expenses
 and these adjustment were resolved in January 2017 by the payment of &#128;2.0&nbsp;million (U.S. $2.2&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on the date of
payment) made by the former owners of Eden to the Company. The Eden Acquisition was ultimately funded through a combination of proceeds from the issuance of &#128;450&nbsp;million (U.S. $539.1&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on
December&nbsp;30
 2017) of 5.500% senior notes due July&nbsp;1
The total
consideration paid by Cott in the Eden Acquisition is summarized below: 

























Cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net




























The Eden Acquisition supported the Company&#146;s strategy to become a more diversified beverage provider
across multiple channels and geographies
 as well as the Company&#146;s continuing strategy to acquire higher margin HOD bottled water and coffee and tea categories. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a business combination in
The adjusted purchase price of $576.3&nbsp;million was allocated to the assets
acquired and liabilities assumed based on management&#146;s estimates of their fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the adjusted purchase price over the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill. Measurement period adjustments
recorded during the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 included adjustments to property
 plant and equipment and a related adjustment to deferred taxes based on the results of the validation procedures performed
 adjustments to accounts receivable
intangible assets and accrued liabilities based on a final review of fair values
 and an adjustment to other long-term liabilities based on a final analysis of certain tax positions. These measurement period adjustments did not have a material
The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated acquisition date fair
values
 measurement period adjustments recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 



















































































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment




















































































































































































The amount of revenues and net loss related to the Eden Acquisition included in the Company&#146;s
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 for the period from the acquisition date through December&nbsp;31
 2016 were $156.9&nbsp;million and $14.4&nbsp;million
 respectively. During the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company incurred $13.5&nbsp;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the Eden Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year
ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 
 



 

 2016


(U.S. $44.0&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on the acquisition date). The purchase price was paid at closing in cash and was subject to a customary post-closing working capital adjustment. The post-closing adjustment was completed in May
This acquisition supported the
Company&#146;s strategy to become a more diversified beverage provider across multiple channels and geographies
 as well as the Company&#146;s strategy to acquire higher margin HOD bottled water and coffee and tea services categories. The Company
The adjusted purchase
consideration of $44.0&nbsp;million was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values as of the acquisition date. An allocation of the purchase price has been made to major categories of assets and liabilities
The table below summarizes the allocation of the
purchase price to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 





































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment


























































The amount of revenues and net income related to the Aquaterra Acquisition included in the Company&#146;s
Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 for the period from the acquisition date through December&nbsp;31
 2016 were $61.2&nbsp;million and $1.1&nbsp;million
 respectively. During the year ended
December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the Company incurred $1.3&nbsp;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the Aquaterra Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the
year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 

 we consider
 among other factors
 the best use of acquired assets
analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the acquired business&#146; products. The estimated fair values of identified intangible assets are calculated considering both market participant assumptions
 using
The
 discounted cash flows that will be derived from sales to existing customers of the acquired business as of the date of acquisition.

 




savings associated with the premium and brand image obtained as a result of owning the trademark or trade name as opposed to obtaining the benefit of the trademark or trade name through a royalty or rental fee. 


for a period of time subsequent to the date of acquisition or the date of termination of their employment with Cott
S&amp;D
The following table sets forth the components of identified intangible assets associated with the S&amp;D Acquisition
and their estimated weighted average useful lives: 


































































average useful lives: 


































































weighted average useful lives: 
























































S&amp;D
The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in the S&amp;D Acquisition was that the purchase price
was based in part on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as
part of the S&amp;D Acquisition was allocated to the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions reporting segment
 none of which is expected to be tax deductible. 
 



 

flow projections assuming the reduction of administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the Eden Acquisition
was allocated to the Route Based Services reporting segment
Aquaterra Acquisition
The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in the Aquaterra Acquisition was that the purchase price was based
in part on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the
Aquaterra Acquisition was allocated to the Route Based Services reporting segment
Supplemental Pro
The following unaudited pro forma financial information for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016
 represent the combined results of operations as if the S&amp;D Acquisition and Eden Acquisition had occurred on January&nbsp;4
 2015. Unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for the Aquaterra Acquisition were not
included in the combined results of our operations for the years ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 as the Company determined they were immaterial. The unaudited pro forma financial information results reflect certain adjustments
related to these acquisitions such as increased amortization expense on acquired intangible assets resulting from the preliminary fair valuation of assets acquired. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not necessarily reflect the
results of operations that would have occurred had we operated as a single entity during such periods. 

















(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share
amounts)

December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2













































Net loss per common share attributed to Cott Corporation
 diluted








Note 4&#151;Other (Income) Expense
 Net 

 net for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and
January&nbsp;2
 2016: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2































Unrealized commodity hedging loss (gain)
 net



























Other losses (gains)
 net























































 



 

 net for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
2016: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2

















Other interest expense
 net

























































 before income taxes consisted of the following: 
























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2













































(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes























































December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2































































































































































































































































 




the income tax provision: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2
































































































































































































































































liabilities as follows: 














December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31





































































































































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
























































































The following changes were made to the December 31
 2016 presentation of the temporary differences to conform
with the current period presentation: Deferred tax assets associated with disallowed interest deductions were reclassed from net operating loss carryforwards to interest expense and the deferred tax asset associated with the unamortized premium on
the DSS Notes was reclassed from intangible assets to interest expense. 
 




 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act
 which significantly revised the
U.S. corporate income tax regime by
 among other things
 lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%
 limiting various business deductions and repealing the corporate alternative minimum tax. Many provisions in the Tax Act are generally
effective in tax years beginning after December 31
 2017. U.S. GAAP requires the impact of tax legislation to be recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. As a result of the Tax Act
 we recorded tax benefits in the fourth quarter of
2017 of $32.2 million due to a re-measurement of the U.S deferred tax assets and liabilities and $1.3 million due to the repeal of the corporate alternative minimum tax. The tax benefits represent provisional amounts and our current best estimates.
The provisional amounts incorporate assumptions made based upon our current interpretation of the Tax Act and may be refined through the fourth quarter of 2018 as we receive additional clarification and implementation guidance. 
 in 2016 on a modified retrospective basis
 with a cumulative
effect adjustment to opening retained earnings
 the table of deferred tax assets and liabilities shown above includes deferred tax assets at December&nbsp;31
 2016 that arose directly from tax deductions related to equity compensation in excess of
As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we have outside tax basis differences
 including
undistributed earnings
 in our foreign subsidiaries. For 2017
 we recorded a deferred tax asset of $3.8 million with a corresponding valuation allowance for the reversal of certain outside basis differences related to the divestiture of the
 or
the undistributed earnings are indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance. In order to arrive at this conclusion
 we considered factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements
 cash requirements to
satisfy the ongoing operations
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations of our subsidiaries. It is not practicable to determine the excess book basis over outside tax basis in the shares or the amount of incremental taxes that might
arise if these earnings were to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be significantly impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when
distributed
 relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. We repatriated earnings of $27.5&nbsp;million
 nil
 and $17.3&nbsp;million
 to Canada in 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 incurring no tax expense. 

 2017
 we have operating loss carryforwards totaling $785.0&nbsp;million
 capital loss carryforwards totaling
$17.8&nbsp;million
 and credit carryforwards totaling $4.1&nbsp;million. The operating loss carryforward amount was attributable to Canadian operating loss carryforwards of $129.6&nbsp;million that will expire from 2027 to 2038; U.S. federal and
state operating loss carryforwards of $459.2&nbsp;million and $19.6&nbsp;million
 respectively
 that will expire from 2018 to 2038; Dutch operating loss carryfowards of $102.1&nbsp;million that will expire from 2018 to 2024; and various other
The capital loss carryforward is attributable to
Canadian capital losses of $12.9 million and Israeli capital losses of $4.9&nbsp;million
 all with indefinite lives. The credit carryforward is attributable to a refundable U.S. federal alternative minimum tax credit carryforward of
$1.3&nbsp;million
 other U.S. federal credit carryforwards with a limited carryforward life of $0.9&nbsp;million
 and U.S. state credit carryforwards of $1.9&nbsp;million that will expire from 2018 to 2022. 

 under Section&nbsp;382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#147;Code&#148;)
 a U.S. corporation
 net operating losses (&#147;NOLs&#148;) or tax credits to offset future taxable income.
Therefore
 current or future changes in our Canadian stock ownership
 many of which are outside of our control
 could result in a U.S. ownership change under Section&nbsp;382 and 383 of the Code. If we undergo a U.S. ownership change
 our ability to
utilize U.S. federal or state NOLs or tax credits could be limited. We monitor changes in our ownership on an ongoing basis and do not believe we had a change of control limitation as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. 

 based on the weight of the available evidence
 both positive and
negative
 for each respective tax jurisdiction
 it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Due to recent cumulative losses
 it was determined in 2016 that it is more likely than not we will
not realize the benefit of net operating loss carryforwards and other net deferred assets in the U.S.
 Canada
 and certain jurisdictions within the Eden business. The balance of the valuation allowance was $129.1 million and $117.7&nbsp;million for
the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. The valuation allowance increase in 2017 was primarily related to losses in tax jurisdictions with existing valuation allowances
 but this increase was largely offset
Additionally
 we have determined that it is more
likely than not that the benefit from our capital losses in Canada and Israel will not be realized in the future due to the uncertainty regarding potential future capital gains in the jurisdiction. In recognition of this risk
 we have provided a
valuation allowance of $4.5 million on our capital losses. 
 




Unrecognized Tax Benefits

























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2




























































































































































As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we had $16.2&nbsp;million of unrecognized tax benefits
 a net decrease of
$12.4&nbsp;million from $28.6&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. If we recognized our tax positions
 approximately $6.2&nbsp;million would favorably impact the effective tax rate. We believe it is reasonably possible that our unrecognized
tax benefits will decrease or be recognized in the next twelve months by up to $3.6&nbsp;million due to the settlement of certain tax positions and lapses in statutes of limitation in various tax jurisdictions. 

penalties during the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for 2017 and 2016 were a liability of $0.7&nbsp;million and
$1.8&nbsp;million
Years through 2009 have been audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service
 though the statutes are still
open back to 2008 due to certain net operating loss carryforwards. Years prior to 2012 are closed to audit by U.S. state jurisdictions. We are currently under audit in Canada by the Canada Revenue Agency (&#147;CRA&#148;) for tax years 2013 to 2015.
Years prior to 2012 are closed to audit by the CRA. We are currently under audit in Israel for the 2013 to 2015 tax years and in Poland for the 2014 and 2016 tax years. 
Our
shareowners approved our Amended and Restated Cott Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the &#147;Amended and Restated Equity Plan&#148;) in its current form in May 2015. Awards under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan may be in the form of
incentive stock options
 stock options
 restricted shares
 restricted share units
 performance shares
 performance units
 stock appreciation rights
 and stock payments to employees
 directors and
outside consultants. The Amended and Restated Equity Plan is administered by the Human Resources and Compensation Committee (&#147;HRCC&#148;) or any other board committee as may be designated by the board from time to time. Under the Amended and
Restated Equity Plan
 20
000
000 shares are reserved for future issuance subject to adjustment upon a share split
 share dividend
 recapitalization
 and other similar transactions and events. Shares that are issued under the Amended and Restated
Equity Plan are applied to reduce the maximum number of shares remaining available for issuance under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan; provided that the total number of shares available for issuance under the Amended and Restated Plan is
reduced two shares for each share issued pursuant to a &#147;full-value&#148; award (i.e.
 an award other than an option or stock appreciation right). 

 Performance-based RSUs
 or stock options that are forfeited
 expired
 or are cancelled or
settled without the issuance of shares return to the pool of shares available for issuance under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan. As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 there were 2
432
533 shares available for future issuance under the Amended and
Restated Equity Plan. 
 




December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and January&nbsp;2
 2016. Share-based compensation expense is recorded in SG&amp;A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As referenced below: (i) &#147;Performance-based RSUs&#148;
represent restricted share units with performance-based vesting
 (ii) &#147;Time-based RSUs&#148; represent restricted share units with time-based vesting
 (iii) &#147;Stock options&#148; represent
 stock options
 (iv) &#147;Director share awards&#148; represent common shares issued in consideration of the annual board retainer fee to 
members of our board of directors
 and (v)&nbsp;the &#147;ESPP&#148; represents the Cott Corporation Employee Share Purchase Plan
 under which common shares are issued to eligible employees at a discount through payroll deductions. 
























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2























































































































 $2.4 million and $2.7 million of share-based compensation expense from our discontinued operations
 which were included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on
the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively. 

 in connection with the sale of the Traditional Business and upon a determination by the HRCC
 outstanding
awards granted to Traditional Business employees vested as follows: outstanding time-based RSUs vested in full
 outstanding unvested stock options vested in full (and remain exercisable for three years from the date of closing of the Transaction)
and outstanding performance-based RSUs vested in full
 income level at the &#147;target&#148; level. As a result
 an additional $1.2&nbsp;million of expense was
recorded for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 and included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 

 2017 was $0.5&nbsp;million
(December 31
 2016 - $2.8&nbsp;million; January&nbsp;2
As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 the unrecognized share-based
compensation expense and weighted average years over which we expect to recognize it as compensation expense were as follows: 












(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except years)

as&nbsp;of&nbsp;December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;
2017


































































 2016 and 2015 approximately 734
500
 2
975
500
 and 684
000 options were granted to certain employees under the Amended and
Restated Equity Plan at a weighted-average exercise price of $17.50
 $11.15
 and $9.22 per share
 respectively. The weighted-average grant date fair value of the options was estimated to be $4.82
 $2.84
 and $4.31 per share in 2017
 2016 and 2015
respectively
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The contractual term of an option granted is fixed by the Amended and Restated Equity plan and cannot exceed ten years from the grant date. 

 2016 and 2015 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2



























































 



 



































Outstanding at January&nbsp;3
 2015












































































































Outstanding at January&nbsp;2
 2016















































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016














































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;30
 2017





































Exercisable at December&nbsp;30
 2017





































Vested or expected to vest at December&nbsp;30
 2017




































The aggregate intrinsic value amounts in the table above represent the difference between the closing price of
our common shares on the New York Stock Exchange on December&nbsp;29
 2017
 which was $16.66 (December 30
 2016&#151;$11.33; December&nbsp;31
 2015&#151;$10.99)
 and the exercise price


December&nbsp;30
 2017 vest in three equal annual installments on the first
The
total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was $1.6&nbsp;million during the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 with no associated tax benefit realized. The total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options
was $1.7&nbsp;million during the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 with an associated tax benefit of $1.3&nbsp;million. The total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options was $0.5&nbsp;million during the fiscal year ended
January&nbsp;2
 2016 with no associated tax benefit realized. The total fair value of options that vested during the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 was $16.4&nbsp;million (December 31
 2016 &#151; $1.6&nbsp;million; January&nbsp;2
 2016 &#151;
In
2017
 we granted 84
 members of our board of directors under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan with a grant date fair value of approximately $1.1&nbsp;million. The
Additionally
in 2017
 we granted 33
030 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2019 fiscal year
 and 202
269 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2020 fiscal year. The number of shares ultimately awarded will be based upon
the performance percentage
 income
 income that
is achieved during the vesting period. The Company also granted 134
840 Time-based RSUs
 which vest in three equal annual installments on the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant and are based upon a service condition. 
 












































Balance at January&nbsp;3
 2015


























































































































































Balance at January&nbsp;2
 2016


































































Awarded in connection with acquisitions















































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;31
 2016


























































































































































Outstanding at December&nbsp;30
 2017












































Vested or expected to vest at December&nbsp;30
 2017



















































Includes 416
951 common shares granted to certain S&amp;D employees in connection with the S&amp;D Acquisition; the common shares were fully vested upon issuance.
The total fair value of Performance-based RSUs vested and issued during the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
January&nbsp;2
 2016 were $2.6&nbsp;million and $1.8&nbsp;million. There were no Performance-based RSUs vested and issued during the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. The total fair value of Time-based RSUs vested and issued during the years ended
December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016
 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 were $4.3&nbsp;million
 $12.3&nbsp;million
Employee
The Company has maintained the Cott Corporation Employee Share Purchase Plan (the &#147;ESPP&#148;) since 2015.
The ESPP qualifies as an &#147;employee share purchase plan&#148; under Section&nbsp;423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (&#147;IRC&#148;)
 as amended. Substantially all employees are eligible to participate in the ESPP and may elect to
participate at the beginning of any quarterly offering period. The ESPP authorizes the issuance
 and the purchase by eligible employees
 of up to 3
000
000 shares of Cott common shares through payroll deductions. Eligible employees who choose to
participate may purchase Cott common shares at 90% of market value on the first or last day of the quarterly offering period
 whichever is lower. The minimum contribution which an eligible employee may make under the ESPP is 1% of the
employee&#146;s eligible compensation
 with the maximum contribution limited to 15% of the employee&#146;s eligible compensation. At the end of each quarterly offering period for which the employee participates
 the total amount of each
employee&#146;s payroll deduction for that offering period will be used to purchase Cott common shares. The Company recognized $0.1&nbsp;million
 $0.2&nbsp;million and $0.1&nbsp;million of share-based compensation expense in SG&amp;A expenses in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations for 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. At December&nbsp;30
 2017
 2
735
506 shares remained available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 



 
On June&nbsp;29
2016
 we completed a public offering
 on a bought deal basis
 of 15
088
000 common shares at a price of $15.25 per share for total gross proceeds to us of $230.1&nbsp;million (the &#147;June 2016 Offering&#148;). We incurred and recorded
$9.2&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $1.1&nbsp;million in professional fees in connection with the June 2016 Offering. The net proceeds of the June 2016 Offering were used to repay borrowings under our ABL facility
 to finance the
On March&nbsp;9
 2016
 we completed a public offering
 on a bought deal basis
 of
12
765
000 common shares at a price of $11.80 per share for total gross proceeds to us of $150.6&nbsp;million (the &#147;March 2016 Offering&#148;). We incurred and recorded $6.0&nbsp;million of underwriter commissions and $0.8&nbsp;million in
professional fees in connection with the March 2016 Offering. The net proceeds of the March 2016 Offering were used to repay borrowings under our ABL facility and for general corporate purposes. 


number of common shares outstanding during the periods presented. Diluted net (loss) income per common share is calculated by dividing diluted net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding adjusted to include the effect
 if dilutive
 stock options
 Performance-based RSUs
 and Time-based RSUs during the periods
Set forth below is a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator for the diluted net (loss) income per common share
computations for the periods indicated: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2




































































































































139
078































































































































139
078







































































139
078
































































































 




net (loss) income per common share for the periods indicated: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2






5
006















2
235






























income for these awards. 




Our broad
portfolio of products include bottled water
 coffee
 brewed tea
 water dispensers
 coffee and tea brewers
 speciality coffee
 liquid coffee or tea concentrate
 single cup coffee
 cold brewed coffee
 iced blend coffee or tea beverages
 blended teas
hot tea
 sparkling tea
 coffee or tea extract solutions
 filtration equipment
 hot chocolate
 soups
 malt drinks
 creamers/whiteners
 cereals
 beverage concentrates and mineral water. 

 our business operated through four reporting segments: Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our DSS
Aquaterra
 Eden and S&amp;D businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott U.K. and All Other (which included our Mexico and RCI operating segments). 

 we reviewed our reporting segments as a result of the Transaction. Following such review
 we reorganized our
reporting segments into three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions (which includes our S&amp;D business) and All Other (which includes our Aimia
Decantae
 and RCI concentrate businesses
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility and other miscellaneous expenses). Our corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment. This function includes certain general and administrative costs
that are not allocated to any of the reporting segments. Our segment reporting results have been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. 


























December&nbsp;30
 2017







Coffee
&nbsp;Tea











Revenue
 net 


1
501.7































































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net












































Intangible assets
 net
























2
343.4



















Additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
























All Other includes $41.1&nbsp;million of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. 



Excludes intersegment receivables
 investments and notes receivable. 
 





























December&nbsp;31
 2016








Coffee
 Tea











Revenue
 net 



































































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net












































Intangible assets
 net













































Additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
























All Other includes $37.4&nbsp;million of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016. 



Excludes intersegment receivables
 investments and notes receivable. 


























January&nbsp;2
 2016







Coffee
&nbsp;Tea











Revenue
 net 



































































Additions to property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
























All Other includes $36.8&nbsp;million of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for the year ended January&nbsp;2
 2016. 
















December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016





3
006.9










1
086.2




















4
093.1
















Credit risk arises from the potential default of a customer in meeting its financial obligations to us.
Concentrations of credit exposure may arise with a group of customers that have similar economic characteristics or that are located in the same geographic region. The ability of such customers to meet obligations would be similarly affected by
changing economic
Our
Traditional Business experienced some customer concentration. Following the closing of the Transaction on January&nbsp;30
 2018
 we have limited customer concentration
 of which no customer accounts for more than 10% of our net revenues. 
 




to external customers by geographic area were as follows: 























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2






1
709.0







































































2
269.7

















































For the Year Ended December&nbsp;30
 2017







Coffee
&nbsp;Tea








Revenue
 net














































































































1
501.7











2
269.7










































For the Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016







Coffee









Revenue
 net







































































































































































For the Year Ended January&nbsp;2
 2016







Coffee









Revenue
 net
















































































































































Property
 plant&nbsp;&amp; equipment
 net by geographic area as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and
December&nbsp;31
 2016 were as follows: 














December&nbsp;30





































































No individual country is greater than 10% of total property
 plant and equipment as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016. 
 



Note 10&#151;Accounts Receivable
 Net 

 net as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 















December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016































































 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 















December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016







































































Note 12&#151;Property
 Plant&nbsp;&amp; Equipment
 Net 

 plant and equipment
 net as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 



































December&nbsp;30
 2017


December&nbsp;31
 2016



















































































































Plates
 films and molds
















































































































































































































































































































































Customer equipment for the Route Based Services reporting segment consists of coolers
 brewers
 refrigerators
 water purification devices and storage racks held on
site at customer locations. 







Our recorded assets under capital leases relate to machinery and equipment
 IT systems
 customer equipment and vehicles and transportation equipment.

 




for 2017 and 2016
Depreciation expense
 which includes depreciation recorded for assets under capital leases
 for the year
ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 was $120.0&nbsp;million (2016 - $97.8&nbsp;million; 2015 - $81.6 million). 

 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 































December&nbsp;30
 2017


December&nbsp;31
 2016


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 



 

 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 















December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016










































Payroll
 sales and other taxes




























































 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016 was as follows: 































December&nbsp;30
 2017


December&nbsp;31
 2016





























































































































































































































































































2
313.5







2
287.0






























































































Total short-term borrowings required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
divestiture





























































































































































































































































































Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
divestiture
























































1
563.1







1
542.6











































The outstanding aggregate principal amount and unamortized premium of our DSS Notes was $250.0&nbsp;million and $19.9&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017
 and
$350.0&nbsp;million and $34.2&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. 
 




of the next five years and thereafter are as follows: 














































1
289.4











2
293.6









 we entered into a credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A. as Agent that created an ABL facility to provide financing for
our operations. We have amended and refinanced the ABL facility from time to time and incurred related financing fees
 $12.4&nbsp;million of which have been capitalized and deferred and are being amortized using the straight-line method over the
As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we had $220.3&nbsp;million of outstanding borrowings under the ABL
facility. The commitment fee was 0.375% per annum of the unused commitment
 which
 taking into account $46.0&nbsp;million of letters of credit
 was $233.7&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. The weighted average effective interest rate at
December&nbsp;30
On
January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to repay $262.5&nbsp;million of our outstanding balance on the ABL facility. Additionally
 we amended and restated the
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. The ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 provides us with financing in the United States
 Canada
 the United Kingdom
 Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Cott and its subsidiaries
 Cott Holdings Inc.
 DSS
S&amp;D
 Aimia and Aquaterra
 are borrowers under the ABL facility. The ABL facility is a revolving facility of up to $250.0&nbsp;million with a maturity date of August&nbsp;3
 2021. JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A. serves as administrative agent and
administrative collateral agent and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 London Branch serves as U.K. security trustee. Availability under the ABL facility is dependent on a borrowing base calculated as a percentage of the value of eligible inventory
accounts receivable and property
 plant and equipment in the manner set forth in the credit agreement. Subject to certain conditions
 the ABL facility may be increased up to an additional $100.0&nbsp;million at our option if lenders agree to
increase their commitments. The debt under the ABL facility is guaranteed by most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. and Luxembourg subsidiaries and certain of our Dutch subsidiaries. 


 2017
 we issued $750.0&nbsp;million of our 2025 Notes to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under Rule 144A
under the Securities Act
 purchasers pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. The 2025 Notes were issued by our wholly-owned
subsidiary Cott Holdings Inc.
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K.
 Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries guarantee the 2025 Notes. The 2025 Notes will mature on April&nbsp;1
 2025 and interest is payable semi-annually on April 1st and October 1st of
each year commencing on October&nbsp;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2025 Notes were used to redeem in full the 2020 Notes
 redeem $100.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of our DSS Notes and to pay related fees and expenses. 
 




Notes. The financing fees are being amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which represents the term to maturity of the 2025 Notes. 


 we issued &#128;450.0&nbsp;million (U.S. $539.1&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on December&nbsp;30
 2017) of our
2024 Notes to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. The 2024 Notes were initially issued by our wholly-owned subsidiary Cott Finance Corporation. In
connection with the closing of the Eden Acquisition
 we assumed all of the obligations of Cott Finance Corporation under the 2024 Notes
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries that are currently obligors under the
2022 Notes and the 2020 Notes entered into a supplemental indenture to guarantee the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature on July&nbsp;1
 2024 and interest is payable semi-annually on January 1st and July 1st of each year commencing on
January&nbsp;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2024 Notes were used to fund a portion of the purchase price of the Eden Acquisition and to pay related fees and expenses. 

commitment fees and professional fees in connection with the Eden Acquisition. The financing fees are being amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which represents the term to maturity of the 2024 Notes. The bridge
financing commitment fees and professional fees were recorded in SG&amp;A expenses for the year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016 in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 


 we issued $525.0&nbsp;million of 5.375% senior notes due 2022. The issuer of the notes was our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary Cott
Beverages Inc. (&#147;CBI&#148;)
 and we and most of our U.S.
We incurred
$9.6&nbsp;million of financing fees in connection with the issuance of the 2022 Notes. The financing fees were being amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2022 Notes.
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to
redeem the 2022 Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included $21.2&nbsp;million in premium payments and $2.2&nbsp;million in accrued interest. 


 DSS (formerly DS Waters of America
 Inc.) issued $350.0&nbsp;million of 10.00% senior secured notes. In connection with the
acquisition of DSS
 our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries became guarantors of the obligations. 

value and the principal amount of $350.0&nbsp;million was being amortized as a component of interest expense over the remaining contractual term of the DSS Notes. We incurred approximately $26.5&nbsp;million of consent solicitation fees and bridge
On May&nbsp;5
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes to redeem
$100.0&nbsp;million in aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The partial redemption of the DSS Notes included $7.7&nbsp;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $1.8&nbsp;million and the
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection
with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction to redeem the remaining $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included $12.5&nbsp;million in
premium payments and $10.3&nbsp;million in accrued interest. 

 we issued $625.0&nbsp;million of 6.75% senior notes due January&nbsp;1
 2020. The issuer of the notes was our wholly-owned
U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries guaranteed the obligations. 
 




Notes. The financing fees were being amortized using the effective interest method over a five-year period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2020 Notes. 

 2017 and March&nbsp;22
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes to purchase
$422.7&nbsp;million and $202.3&nbsp;million in aggregate principal amount of the 2020 Notes. The redemption of the 2020 Notes included $14.3&nbsp;million and $7.1&nbsp;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $7.4&nbsp;million and
$3.1&nbsp;million
 of $5.8&nbsp;million and $2.9&nbsp;million in deferred financing fees
 and other costs of $0.1&nbsp;million. 
In January 2008
 we
entered into a capital lease finance arrangement with GE Capital for the lease of equipment. In September 2013
 we purchased the equipment subject to the lease for an aggregate purchase price of $10.7&nbsp;million
 with the financing for such
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we used a
Covenant Compliance


 we are subject to a number of covenants
 including covenants that limit our and certain
of our subsidiaries&#146; ability
 subject to certain exceptions and qualifications
 to (i)&nbsp;pay dividends or make distributions
 repurchase equity securities
 prepay subordinated debt or make certain investments
 (ii)&nbsp;incur additional debt
or issue certain disqualified stock or preferred stock
 (iii)&nbsp;create or incur liens on assets securing indebtedness
 (iv)&nbsp;merge or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our assets taken as a whole
(v)&nbsp;enter into transactions with affiliates and (vi)&nbsp;sell assets. The covenants are substantially similar across the series of notes. As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 we were in compliance with all of the covenants under each series of notes.
There have been no amendments to any covenants of our outstanding notes since the date of their issuance or assumption
ABL Facility
Under the credit agreement governing the ABL facility
 Cott and its restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and
financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. As of December&nbsp;30
 2017
 the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 was effective if and when aggregate
availability was less than the greater of 10% of the lenders&#146; commitments under the ABL facility or $37.5&nbsp;million. If excess availability was less than the greater of 10% of the aggregate availability under the ABL facility or
$37.5&nbsp;million
 the lenders would take dominion over the cash and would apply excess cash to reduce amounts owing under the facility. We were in compliance with all of the applicable covenants under the ABL facility as of December&nbsp;30
 2017.
On January&nbsp;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction
 we amended and restated the Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement
 dated as of August&nbsp;3
 2016
 as amended
 which governed our prior ABL facility. Under the credit agreement governing the ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 Cott and its restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business
and financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. The minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 is effective if and when there exists an event of default or
aggregate availability is less than the greater of 10% of the Line Cap under the ABL facility or $22.5&nbsp;million. Line Cap is defined as an amount equal to the lesser of the lenders&#146; commitments or the borrowing base at such time. If an
event of default exists or the excess availability is less than the greater of 10% of the aggregate availability under the ABL facility or $22.5&nbsp;million
 the lenders will take dominion over the cash and will apply excess cash to reduce amounts
owing under the facility. 

respect to these DC plans was $2.0&nbsp;million for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 (2016&#151;$4.7&nbsp;million; 2015&#151;$4.5 million). 
 




 employees
 referred to as the U.S. and International Plans
 respectively. Retirement benefits are based on years of service multiplied by a monthly benefit
factor. Pension costs are funded in accordance with the provisions of the applicable law. Our U.S. Plan is closed to new participants and frozen. The Company uses a December&nbsp;30
 2017 measurement date for all DB plans. Any variation differences
In the third quarter of 2017
 our Eden business relocated its corporate headquarters
from Switzerland to Spain


 we recorded a gain on pension curtailment of approximately $4.5&nbsp;million to SG&amp;A expenses
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. 
The
following table summarizes the change in the projected benefit obligation
 change in plan assets and unfunded status of the DB plans as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016: 



















December&nbsp;30
 2017































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 





















December&nbsp;31
 2016


































































































































































































































































































































































































































The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans equaled $8.4&nbsp;million and $8.3&nbsp;million at the
end of 2017 and 2016
 respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the International Plans equaled $12.8&nbsp;million and $30.5&nbsp;million at the end of 2017 and 2016
 respectively. 
The components of
net periodic pension cost were as follows: 


















December&nbsp;30
 2017







































































































































































 





















December&nbsp;31
 2016











































































































































































January&nbsp;2
 2016




















































































 net of tax
 which have not yet
been recognized in net periodic benefit cost were as follows: 


















December&nbsp;30
 2017










































































December&nbsp;31
 2016










































































January&nbsp;2
 2016



















































































 



 

























December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2


















































































































The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial assumptions used to determine net periodic
benefit cost: 























December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016


January&nbsp;2
&nbsp;2016



































































































The Company utilizes a yield curve analysis to determine the discount rates for its DB plan obligations. The
yield curve considers pricing and yield information for high quality corporate bonds with maturities matched to estimated payouts of future pension benefits. The Company evaluates its assumption regarding the estimated long-term rate of return on
plan assets based on historical experience
 future expectations of investment returns
 asset allocations
 and its investment strategy. The Company&#146;s long-term rate of return on plan assets reflect expectations of projected weighted average
market returns of plan assets. Changes in expected returns on plan assets also reflect any adjustments to the Company&#146;s targeted asset allocation. 
 



 
















December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31




















































































following
 listed in priority order: (1)&nbsp;emphasis on total return
 (2)&nbsp;emphasis on high-quality securities
 (3)&nbsp;sufficient income and stability of income
 (4)&nbsp;safety of principal with limited volatility of capital through proper
diversification and (5)&nbsp;sufficient liquidity. The target allocation percentages for the U.S. Plans&#146; assets range between 55% to 65% in equity securities and 35% to 45% in fixed income investments. The target allocation percentages for the
International Plans&#146; assets range between 50% to 80% in equity securities
 20% to 50% in fixed income investments
 0% to 30% in real estate and 0% to 15% in alternative investments. None of our equity or debt securities are included in plan
We expect to
The following benefit payments are expected to be paid in the
periods indicated below: 




























































































































The fair values of the Company&#146;s U.S. plan assets are measured daily at their net asset value and valued
at $7.1&nbsp;million and $6.2&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. 
 




 2017 and
December&nbsp;31
 2016 were as follows: 


















December&nbsp;30
 2017

























































































































































































December&nbsp;31
 2016



































































































































































































 



 

2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016 were as follows: 



































Balance at January&nbsp;3
 2015












































































































interest



































Balance January&nbsp;2
 2016





























































































































Balance December&nbsp;31
 2016





























































































































Balance December&nbsp;30
 2017






































The
to total net income (loss) for the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 December&nbsp;31
 2016 and January&nbsp;2
 2016: 
































December&nbsp;30



December&nbsp;31



January&nbsp;2




























































































































































































































































































































 



 

 machinery and equipment
 computer hardware and furniture and fixtures. All contractual increases and rent free periods
included in the lease contract are taken into account when calculating the minimum lease payment and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain leases have renewal periods and contingent rentals
 which are not included in
the table below. The minimum annual payments under operating leases are as follows: 






























































Year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017





Year ended December&nbsp;31
 2016





Year ended January&nbsp;2
 2016






















Operating lease expenses are shown net of sublease income of $0.7&nbsp;million for 2017. As of
December&nbsp;30
 2017
We are subject to various claims
and legal proceedings with respect to matters such as governmental regulations
 and other actions arising out of the normal course of business. Management believes that the resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our
financial position
 results of operations
In May 2014
 we completed the Aimia Acquisition
 which included deferred
consideration of &pound;19.9&nbsp;million (U.S. $33.5 million)
 which was paid by us on September&nbsp;15
 2014 and aggregate contingent consideration of up to &pound;16.0&nbsp;million which was payable upon the achievement of certain measures
related to Aimia&#146;s performance during the twelve months ending July&nbsp;1
 2016. The aggregate contingent consideration was &pound;12.0&nbsp;million
 offset by an existing receivable of &pound;3.9&nbsp;million due to the Company from the
former owners of Aimia
 for a final total cash payment of &pound;8.1&nbsp;million (U.S. $10.8&nbsp;million at the exchange rate in effect on the date of payment) that was paid during the third quarter of 2016. 

 2017 ($42.4 million&#151;December 31
 2016; $45.6
million&#151;January 2
We have future purchase obligations of $135.5&nbsp;million that consist of commitments for the purchase of
inventory
 energy transactions
 and payments related to professional fees and information technology outsourcing agreements. These obligations represent the minimum contractual obligations expected under the normal course of business. 
After completion of the
Transaction
 the Company continues to provide contractual payment guarantees to three third-party lessors of certain real property used in the Traditional Business. The leases were conveyed to Refresco as part of the Transaction
 but the
Company&#146;s guarantee was not released by the landlord. The three lease agreements mature in 2027
 2028 and 2029. The maximum potential amount of undiscounted future payments under the guarantee of approximately $42.0 million as of December 30
2017 was calculated based on the minimum lease payments of the leases over the remaining term of the agreements. The Transaction documents require Refresco to pay all post-closing obligations under these conveyed leases
 and to reimburse the Company
if the landlord calls on a guarantee. Refresco has also agreed to a covenant to negotiate with the landlords for a release of the Company&#146;s guarantees; discussions are ongoing. 


impact our financial performance and are referred to as market risks. When deemed appropriate by management
 we use derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of foreign currency market risks. 

 but not limited to
 forward contracts and swap agreements for certain commodities.
Forward contracts are agreements to buy or sell a quantity of a currency at a predetermined future date
 and at a predetermined rate or price. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying
notional amounts
 assets and/or indices. 
 




accounts receivable
 net or accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The carrying values of the derivatives reflect the impact of legally enforceable agreements with the same counterparties. These allow us to net settle positive and negative
The accounting for gains and losses
that result from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments and the types of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be designated as fair value
hedges
 cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in our Consolidated
Statements of Operations as the changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged. The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI and are
reclassified into the line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings. Due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the
underlying exposures being hedged
 fluctuations in the value of the derivative instruments are generally offset by changes in the fair values or cash flows of the underlying exposures being hedged. The changes in fair values of derivatives that were
not designated and/or did not qualify as hedging instruments are immediately recognized into earnings. We classify cash inflows and outflows related to derivative and hedging instruments with the appropriate cash flows section associated with the
For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments
 we formally designate and document
 at inception
the financial instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure
 the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition
 we formally assess both at the inception and at least quarterly thereafter
whether the financial instruments used in hedging transactions are highly effective at offsetting changes in either the fair values or cash flows of the related underlying exposures. 

Consolidated Financial Statements). The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by the parties and
 therefore
 are not a direct measure of our exposure to the financial risks described
above. The amounts exchanged are calculated by reference to the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives
 such as interest rates
 foreign currency exchange rates or other financial indices. We do not view the fair values of our
derivatives in isolation
 but rather in relation to the fair values or cash flows of the underlying hedged transactions. All of our derivatives are 
instruments with liquid markets. 

 risk by being permitted to net settle for transactions with the
same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of credit risk
 we enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial institutions. Based on these factors
 we consider the risk of counterparty default to be minimal. 
We use cash
flow hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by fluctuations in commodity prices. The changes in fair values of hedges that are determined to be ineffective are immediately
reclassified from AOCI into earnings. We did not discontinue any cash flow hedging relationships during the years ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 or December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. Substantially all outstanding hedges as of December&nbsp;30
 2017
We have entered into coffee futures contracts to hedge exposure to price fluctuations
on green coffee associated with fixed-price sales contracts with customers
 which generally range from three to twelve months in length. These derivative instruments have been designated and qualified as a part of our commodity cash flow hedging
program effective January&nbsp;1
 2017. The objective of this hedging program is to reduce the variability of cash flows associated with future purchases of green coffee. 

48.1&nbsp;million pounds as of December&nbsp;30
 2017. We did not elect hedge accounting for our coffee futures contracts in 2016. The notional amounts for the coffee futures contracts not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments was
44.9&nbsp;million pounds as of December&nbsp;31
 2016. Approximately $1.3&nbsp;million of realized gains
 representing the effective portion of the cash-flow hedge
 were subsequently reclassified from AOCI to earnings and recognized in cost of sales
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. 
 




accrued liabilities was $1.2&nbsp;million and $6.1&nbsp;million as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. We had no derivative assets as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016. Set forth below is a
reconciliation of the Company&#146;s derivatives by contract type for the period indicated: 






















December&nbsp;30
 2017


December&nbsp;31
 2016



























































































The fair value of the coffee futures excludes amounts in the related margin accounts. As of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
 the aggregate margin
account balances were $5.3&nbsp;million and $9.2&nbsp;million
 respectively and are included in cash&nbsp;&amp; cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

coffee futures assets and liabilities which are shown on a net basis are reconciled in the table below: 














December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017


December&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2016



















































The location and amount of gains or losses recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations for cash
flow hedging relationships relationship
 basis
 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017
 is shown in the table below: 











December&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2017







Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded























The settlement of our derivative instruments resulted in a credit to cost of sales of $1.3&nbsp;million for
the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017. 

in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 the inputs used to measure fair value are prioritized based on a three-level
The
three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as follows: 












 such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities
in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data. 






 discounted cash flow
methodologies and similar techniques that use significant unobservable inputs. 
 




Our derivative assets and liabilities represent Level&nbsp;2
instruments. Level&nbsp;2 instruments are valued based on observable inputs for quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets. The fair value of the derivative liabilities as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
was $1.2&nbsp;million and $6.1&nbsp;million
 respectively. We had no derivative assets as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
Fair
The carrying amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for cash and cash equivalents
receivables
 payables
 short-term borrowings and long-term debt approximate their respective fair values
 except as otherwise indicated. The carrying values and estimated fair values of our significant outstanding debt as of December&nbsp;30
 2017
and December&nbsp;31
 2016 were as follows: 






















December&nbsp;30
 2017


December&nbsp;31
 2016
















1
 3

















1
2

















1
 3

















1
 3

















1
 3






































2
057.5



2
156.6

































The fair values were based on the trading levels and bid/offer prices observed by a market participant and are considered Level&nbsp;2 financial instruments.




Includes unamortized premium of $19.9&nbsp;million and $34.2&nbsp;million at December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016
 respectively. 



Carrying value of our significant outstanding debt is net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December&nbsp;30
 2017 and December&nbsp;31
 2016 (see Note 15 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). 



























Year Ended December&nbsp;30
 2017


(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share
amounts)
















Revenue
 net


















2
269.7





















1
142.0











































1
127.7





















1
042.7


Loss (gain) on disposal of property plant and equipment
 net

























































































































































Net (loss) income from discontinued operations


































































 interests
- discontinued operations























































































































































































































































































































































































































































 





























Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016


(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share
amounts)
















Revenue
 net














































































































Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 net

























































































































































Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes











































 interests
- discontinued operations














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 2018
 the Company completed the Transaction. The Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian
business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions after we completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate consideration was approximately $1.25&nbsp;billion

 




paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. We used the cash proceeds from the Transaction to retire
$525.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 retire the remaining $250.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes
 repay $262.5&nbsp;million of the outstanding balance on our ABL facility
 and repay
$1.9&nbsp;million in aggregate principal outstanding on our GE Term Loan. Additionally
 in connection with the closing of the Transaction on January&nbsp;30
 2018
 we further amended and restated the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as
of August&nbsp;3
 2016
 as amended
 which governed our prior ABL facility. The ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 is a revolving facility of up to $250.0&nbsp;million
 which may be increased up to an additional $100.0&nbsp;million at our option
if lenders agree to increase their commitments
 with a maturity date of August&nbsp;3
On February&nbsp;12
 2018
 the Company
entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Crystal Rock Holdings
 Inc. (&#147;Crystal Rock&#148;)
 home and office water
 coffee
 filtration and
office supply service business serving customers throughout New York and New England
Under the terms
of the merger agreement
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cott commenced a tender offer on February&nbsp;20
 2018 to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Crystal Rock&#146;s common stock at a price of $0.97 per share in cash. The consummation of the
tender offer is subject to several conditions
 including a minimum tender of a majority of outstanding shares of Crystal Rock common stock on a fully diluted basis
 and other customary conditions. Following consummation of the tender offer
 such
subsidiary will merge with and into Crystal Rock
 such that
 following the merger
 Crystal Rock will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cott. 

 subject to the conditions to the tender offer and other customary closing
On February&nbsp;28
 2018
 the Board of Directors declared a dividend of $0.06 per common share
 payable in cash on
March&nbsp;28
 2018 to shareowners of record at the close of business on March&nbsp;13
 2018. 
 



 































Year Ended December&nbsp;30
 2017




































































































































































































































































Year Ended December&nbsp;31
 2016




































































































































































































































































Year Ended January&nbsp;2
 2016













































































































































































































































Amounts charged to other accounts include $27.3&nbsp;million and $23.8&nbsp;million of valuation allowances recorded through purchase accounting during 2016 related
to the Aquaterra Acquisition and Eden Acquisition
 respectively. 
 













 


 

















 Inc.
















 Florida 33634





















March 17th
Steve Erdman
Marietta
 GA 30066 
I am pleased to offer you the position of Sr. Vice
President for Human Resources for Cott. This role incorporates the Cott Global Core HR in addition to you continuing to be the Sr. V.P. of HR for DS Services. The Corporate element will report to me and the DS Services element will remain reporting
to Tom Harrington
 with a start date of June&nbsp;1
 2017. This letter will outline the key terms and conditions of your employment with Cott Beverages Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;). Please note that this is not a contract of employment or a
Your base salary will be $338
000 per year paid on a 
basis. Your performance evaluations and salary reviews will generally be conducted on an annual basis and will reflect input from Tom Harrington and myself. Any increase would be a part of the annual review process. You will continue to be eligible
for a 50% target bonus under the OS 20I7 bonus plan and in 2018 your Bonus will be calculated with 50% based on OS Calculation and 50% on Cott Corporation Bonus Calculations. You will continue to be covered by all your current DS Benefits. At the
time of any future move to Tampa these Benefits will change to Cott&#146;s Benefit programs and will be the same as other CMC members at that time (current analysis of Cott/OS Benefits is attached). Regarding any possible future relocation we will
In addition to the above you will receive
Cott LTI Grants as part of your remuneration package and the 2018 Grant will be $165
000. This grant will be split in the following manner Options 37.5%
 Performance Shared Units 37.5% and 25% Restricted Share Units. 

 I am excited this chance for you to undertake a broader role. You have a lot to contribute to our company. 
Please indicate your acceptance of this offer by returning one signed original of the offer letter
 to Mike Creamer via email at 














Steve
Erdman



















 















or
Organization

Direct or Indirect
Percentage



























































































































































Cott do Brasil Industria
 Comercio
 Importacao e Exportacao de Bebidas e Concentrados
Ltda















































































DS Customer Care
 LLC







DS Services of America
 Inc.



















































































































































































































































































S. &amp; D. Coffee
 Inc.







SEMD
 Soci&eacute;t&eacute; des eaux min&eacute;rales de Dor&eacute;naz SA













































 













 

 (File

333-204285
333-188735
 and
 of Cott Corporation of
our report dated February&nbsp;28
 2018 relating to the financial statements
 financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which appears in this Form 










 Florida


 2018














 


 Jerry Fowden
 certify that: 








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 











 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 












&nbsp;2018














 


 Jay Wells
 certify that: 








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 











 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 












 2018














 



 Jerry Fowden
 Chief Executive Officer of Cott Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 has executed this certification in
 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 (the &#147;Report&#148;). 











 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 day of
February
 2018. 























 



 Jay Wells
 Chief Financial Officer of Cott Corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 has executed this certification in
 for the year ended December&nbsp;30
 2017 (the &#147;Report&#148;). 











 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

 day of
February
 2018. 





























  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 14&amp;#x2014;Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trade payables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;197.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;185.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;47.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued sales incentives&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Payroll
 sales and other taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;66.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;62.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;412.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description of Business&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 As used herein
 &amp;#x201C;Cott
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;the Company
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;our Company
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;Cott Corporation
&amp;#x201D;
 &amp;#x201C;we
&amp;#x201D; &amp;#x201C;us
&amp;#x201D; or &amp;#x201C;our&amp;#x201D; refers to
 Cott Corporation
 together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Cott
 is a route based service company with a leading volume-based
 national presence in the North America and European home and office
 delivery (&amp;#x201C;HOD&amp;#x201D;) industry for bottled water and a
 leader in custom coffee roasting
 blending of iced tea and extract
 solutions for the U.S. foodservice industry.&amp;#xA0;Our platform
 reaches over 2.4&amp;#xA0;million customers or delivery points across
 North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales
 and distribution facilities and fleets
 as well as wholesalers and
 distributors.&amp;#xA0;This enables us to efficiently service
 residences
 businesses
 restaurant chains
 hotels and motels
 small
 and large retailers
 and healthcare facilities.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) using the U.S. dollar as the reporting
 currency
 as the majority of our business and the majority of our
 shareowners are in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four
 reporting segments
 Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our
 DS Services of America
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;DSS&amp;#x201D;)
 Aquaterra
 Corporation (&amp;#x201C;Aquaterra&amp;#x201D;)
 Eden Springs Europe B.V.
 (&amp;#x201C;Eden&amp;#x201D;) and S. &amp;amp; D. Coffee
 Inc.
 (&amp;#x201C;S&amp;amp;D&amp;#x201D;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott
 United Kingdom (&amp;#x201C;Cott U.K.&amp;#x201D;) and All Other (which
 included our Mexico and Royal Crown International
 (&amp;#x201C;RCI&amp;#x201D;) operating segments).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 During the third quarter of 2017
 we reviewed our reporting
 segments as a result of the Transaction (as defined below).
 Following such review
 we reorganized our reporting segments into
 three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our
 DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract
 Solutions (which includes our S&amp;amp;D business) and All Other
 (which includes our Aimia Foods (&amp;#x201C;Aimia&amp;#x201D;) and Decantae
 Mineral Water Ltd. (&amp;#x201C;Decantae&amp;#x201D;) business
 our RCI
 concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility
 and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have
 been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our
 corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment; it
 includes certain general and administrative costs that are not
 allocated to any of the reporting segments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 For the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 we had 52 weeks of activity. For the year
 ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 we had four additional shipping days in
 our Route Based Services reporting segment
 which we estimate
 contributed $12.5&amp;#xA0;million of additional revenue and
 $0.1&amp;#xA0;million of additional operating income for the year ended
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;The unaudited pro forma financial information does not
 necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have
 occurred had we operated as a single entity during such
 periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 182.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
185.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
157.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss attributed to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(58.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss per common share from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss per common share attributed to Cott Corporation
 diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 3&amp;#x2014;Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;S&amp;amp;D Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On August&amp;#xA0;11
 2016
 the Company acquired S&amp;amp;D
 a premium
 coffee roaster and provider of customized coffee
 tea and extract
 solutions (the &amp;#x201C;S&amp;amp;D Acquisition&amp;#x201D;). The initial
 purchase price paid by the Company in the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition was
 $354.1&amp;#xA0;million on a debt- and cash-free basis. Customary
 post-closing working capital adjustments were resolved in January
 2017 by the payment of $0.5&amp;#xA0;million from the former owners of
 S&amp;amp;D to the Company. The S&amp;amp;D Acquisition was funded through
 a combination of incremental borrowings under the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 ABL facility and proceeds from our June 2016 Offering (as defined
 below).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The total consideration paid by Cott in the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition is
 summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to sellers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid on behalf of sellers for sellers&amp;#x2019; transaction
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;84.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to retire outstanding debt on behalf of sellers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Working capital settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total consideration&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The S&amp;amp;D Acquisition supported the Company&amp;#x2019;s strategy to
 become a more diversified beverage provider across multiple
 channels and geographies
 as well as expanding the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 existing coffee and tea categories. The Company has accounted for
 this transaction as a business combination which requires that
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed be measured at their
 acquisition date fair values.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The adjusted purchase price of $353.6&amp;#xA0;million was allocated to
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of their fair values as of the
 acquisition date. The excess of the adjusted purchase price over
 the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill. Measurement
 period adjustments recorded during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 included adjustments to property
 plant and equipment and a
 related adjustment to deferred taxes based on the results of the
 validation procedures performed
 as well as an adjustment to income
 taxes payable existing at the acquisition date. These measurement
 period adjustments did not have a material effect on our results of
 operations in prior periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Originally&lt;br /&gt;
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Measurement&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquired&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The amount of revenues and net loss related to the S&amp;amp;D
 Acquisition included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement
 of Operations for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 for the
 period from the acquisition date through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 were $228.0&amp;#xA0;million and $2.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.
 During the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company incurred
 $3.5&amp;#xA0;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the
 S&amp;amp;D Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and
 integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations
 for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. In connection with the
 S&amp;amp;D Acquisition
 the Company granted 416
951 common shares to
 certain S&amp;amp;D employees which were fully vested upon issuance and
 had an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately
 $7.1&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Eden Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On August&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 the Company acquired Eden
 a leading
 provider of water and coffee solutions in Europe (the &amp;#x201C;Eden
 Acquisition&amp;#x201D;). The initial purchase price paid by the Company
 was &amp;#x20AC;517.9&amp;#xA0;million (U.S. $578.5&amp;#xA0;million at the
 exchange rate in effect on the acquisition date)
 which represented
 the &amp;#x20AC;470.0&amp;#xA0;million stated purchase price
 &amp;#x20AC;17.5&amp;#xA0;million of cash on hand
 estimated working capital
 of &amp;#x20AC;15.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and other items of
 &amp;#x20AC;15.0&amp;#xA0;million
 paid at closing in cash. The initial
 purchase price was subject to adjustments upon the determination of
 actual working capital
 net indebtedness and certain transaction
 related expenses
 and these adjustment were resolved in January
 2017 by the payment of &amp;#x20AC;2.0&amp;#xA0;million (U.S.
 $2.2&amp;#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on the date of
 payment) made by the former owners of Eden to the Company. The Eden
 Acquisition was ultimately funded through a combination of proceeds
 from the issuance of &amp;#x20AC;450&amp;#xA0;million (U.S.
 $539.1&amp;#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017) of 5.500% senior notes due July&amp;#xA0;1
 2024 (the &amp;#x201C;2024 Notes&amp;#x201D;) and cash on hand.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The total consideration paid by Cott in the Eden Acquisition is
 summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to sellers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid on behalf of sellers to retire outstanding
 indebtedness&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;420.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Working capital settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total consideration&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;576.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The Eden Acquisition supported the Company&amp;#x2019;s strategy to
 become a more diversified beverage provider across multiple
 channels and geographies
 as well as the Company&amp;#x2019;s continuing
 strategy to acquire higher margin HOD bottled water and coffee and
 tea categories. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a
 business combination in accordance with authoritative accounting
 guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The adjusted purchase price of $576.3&amp;#xA0;million was allocated to
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of their fair values as of the
 acquisition date. The excess of the adjusted purchase price over
 the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill. Measurement
 period adjustments recorded during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 included adjustments to property
 plant and equipment and a
 related adjustment to deferred taxes based on the results of the
 validation procedures performed
 adjustments to accounts
 receivable
 intangible assets and accrued liabilities based on a
 final review of fair values
 and an adjustment to other long-term
 liabilities based on a final analysis of certain tax positions.
 These measurement period adjustments did not have a material effect
 on our results of operations in prior periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Originally&lt;br /&gt;
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Measurement&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquired&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(128.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(128.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;576.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;576.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The amount of revenues and net loss related to the Eden Acquisition
 included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of
 Operations for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 for the period
 from the acquisition date through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were
 $156.9&amp;#xA0;million and $14.4&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. During
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company incurred
 $13.5&amp;#xA0;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the
 Eden Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and integration
 expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year
 ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Aquaterra Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;4
 2016
 the Company acquired Aquaterra (the
 &amp;#x201C;Aquaterra Acquisition&amp;#x201D;). Aquaterra operates a Canadian
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;direct-to-consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; HOD bottled
 water and office coffee services business. The aggregate purchase
 price paid by the Company in the Aquaterra Acquisition was
 C$61.2&amp;#xA0;million (U.S. $44.0&amp;#xA0;million at the exchange rate
 in effect on the acquisition date). The purchase price was paid at
 closing in cash and was subject to a customary post-closing working
 capital adjustment. The post-closing adjustment was completed in
 May 2016 and resulted in the payment of $0.5&amp;#xA0;million by the
 former owners of Aquaterra to the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 This acquisition supported the Company&amp;#x2019;s strategy to become a
 more diversified beverage provider across multiple channels and
 geographies
 as well as the Company&amp;#x2019;s strategy to acquire
 higher margin HOD bottled water and coffee and tea services
 categories. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a
 business combination in accordance with authoritative accounting
 guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The adjusted purchase consideration of $44.0&amp;#xA0;million was
 allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
 their fair values as of the acquisition date. An allocation of the
 purchase price has been made to major categories of assets and
 liabilities based on management&amp;#x2019;s estimates of their fair
 values as of the acquisition date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to
 the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquired&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The amount of revenues and net income related to the Aquaterra
 Acquisition included in the Company&amp;#x2019;s Consolidated Statement
 of Operations for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 for the
 period from the acquisition date through December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 were $61.2&amp;#xA0;million and $1.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. During
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company incurred
 $1.3&amp;#xA0;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and
 integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations
 for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In our determination of the estimated fair value of intangible
 assets
 we consider
 among other factors
 the best use of acquired
 assets
 analysis of historical financial performance and estimates
 of future performance of the acquired business&amp;#x2019; products. The
 estimated fair values of identified intangible assets are
 calculated considering both market participant assumptions
 using
 an income approach as well as estimates and assumptions provided by
 Cott management and management of the acquired business.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The estimated fair value of customer relationships represent future
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;after-tax&lt;/font&gt; discounted cash
 flows that will be derived from sales to existing customers of the
 acquired business as of the date of acquisition.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The estimated fair value of trademarks and trade names represent
 the future projected cost savings associated with the premium and
 brand image obtained as a result of owning the trademark or trade
 name as opposed to obtaining the benefit of the trademark or trade
 name through a royalty or rental fee.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The estimated fair value of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-competition&lt;/font&gt; agreements represent
 the future &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;after-tax&lt;/font&gt;
 discounted cash flows that are expected to be retained by the
 acquired business as a result of preventing certain employees or
 prior owners from competing with us in the specified restricted
 territories for a period of time subsequent to the date of
 acquisition or the date of termination of their employment with
 Cott
 as the case may be.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;S&amp;amp;D Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Market&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;17&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-competition&lt;/font&gt;
 agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;2 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Eden Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Eden Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Market&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks and trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Indefinite&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3-5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Aquaterra Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Aquaterra Acquisition and
 their estimated weighted average useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Market&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks and trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Indefinite&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;S&amp;amp;D Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in
 the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition was that the purchase price was based in
 part on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of
 administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and
 products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a
 standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the S&amp;amp;D
 Acquisition was allocated to the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 reporting segment
 none of which is expected to be tax
 deductible.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Eden Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in
 the Eden Acquisition was that the purchase price was based in part
 on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of administration
 costs and the integration of acquired customers and products into
 our operations
 which is of greater value than on a standalone
 basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the Eden Acquisition was
 allocated to the Route Based Services reporting segment
 a portion
 of which is expected to be tax deductible.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Aquaterra Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in
 the Aquaterra Acquisition was that the purchase price was based in
 part on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of
 administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and
 products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a
 standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the Aquaterra
 Acquisition was allocated to the Route Based Services reporting
 segment
 none of which is expected to be tax deductible.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Supplemental Pro Forma Data (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following unaudited pro forma financial information for the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 represent the combined results of operations as if the S&amp;amp;D
 Acquisition and Eden Acquisition had occurred on January&amp;#xA0;4
 2015. Unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for
 the Aquaterra Acquisition were not included in the combined results
 of our operations for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 as the Company determined they were
 immaterial. The unaudited pro forma financial information results
 reflect certain adjustments related to these acquisitions such as
 increased amortization expense on acquired intangible assets
 resulting from the preliminary fair valuation of assets acquired.
 The unaudited pro forma financial information does not necessarily
 reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had we
 operated as a single entity during such periods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 182.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
185.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
157.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(28.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss attributed to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(58.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss per common share from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.25&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net loss per common share attributed to Cott Corporation
 diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basis of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts
 our
 wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures
 that we control. All intercompany transactions and accounts have
 been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments
 with original maturities not exceeding three months at the time of
 purchase. The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 approximate the amounts shown on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
 due to their short-term nature.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 18&amp;#x2014;Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We lease buildings
 machinery and equipment
 computer hardware and
 furniture and fixtures. All contractual increases and rent free
 periods included in the lease contract are taken into account when
 calculating the minimum lease payment and are recognized on a
 straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain leases have
 renewal periods and contingent rentals
 which are not included in
 the table below. The minimum annual payments under operating leases
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;45.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;39.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;32.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;26.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;98.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Operating lease expenses were:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;54.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;32.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;107.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Operating lease expenses are shown net of sublease income of
 $0.7&amp;#xA0;million for 2017. As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we had
 commitments for capital expenditures of approximately
 $0.1&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We are subject to various claims and legal proceedings with respect
 to matters such as governmental regulations
 and other actions
 arising out of the normal course of business. Management believes
 that the resolution of these matters will not have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations
 or
 cash flow.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2014
 we completed the Aimia Acquisition
 which included
 deferred consideration of &amp;#xA3;19.9&amp;#xA0;million (U.S. $33.5
 million)
 which was paid by us on September&amp;#xA0;15
 2014 and
 aggregate contingent consideration of up to &amp;#xA3;16.0&amp;#xA0;million
 which was payable upon the achievement of certain measures related
 to Aimia&amp;#x2019;s performance during the twelve months ending
 July&amp;#xA0;1
 2016. The aggregate contingent consideration was
 &amp;#xA3;12.0&amp;#xA0;million
 offset by an existing receivable of
 &amp;#xA3;3.9&amp;#xA0;million due to the Company from the former owners of
 Aimia
 for a final total cash payment of &amp;#xA3;8.1&amp;#xA0;million
 (U.S. $10.8&amp;#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on the date
 of payment) that was paid during the third quarter of 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We had $46.0&amp;#xA0;million in standby letters of credit outstanding
 as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 ($42.4 million&amp;#x2014;December 31
 2016; $45.6 million&amp;#x2014;January 2
 2016).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We have future purchase obligations of $135.5&amp;#xA0;million that
 consist of commitments for the purchase of inventory
 energy
 transactions
 and payments related to professional fees and
 information technology outsourcing agreements. These obligations
 represent the minimum contractual obligations expected under the
 normal course of business.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Guarantees&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 After completion of the Transaction
 the Company continues to
 provide contractual payment guarantees to three third-party lessors
 of certain real property used in the Traditional Business. The
 leases were conveyed to Refresco as part of the Transaction
 but
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s guarantee was not released by the landlord. The
 three lease agreements mature in 2027
 2028 and 2029. The maximum
 potential amount of undiscounted future payments under the
 guarantee of approximately $42.0 million as of December 30
 2017
 was calculated based on the minimum lease payments of the leases
 over the remaining term of the agreements. The Transaction
 documents require Refresco to pay all post-closing obligations
 under these conveyed leases
 and to reimburse the Company if the
 landlord calls on a guarantee. Refresco has also agreed to a
 covenant to negotiate with the landlords for a release of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s guarantees; discussions are ongoing.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 We have in effect equity incentive plans under which Time-based
 RSUs
 Performance-based RSUs
 &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt; stock options and
 director share awards have been granted (as such terms are defined
 in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). Share-based
 compensation expense for all share-based compensation awards is
 based on the grant-date fair value. We recognized these
 compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite
 service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of
 three years
 and account for forfeitures when they occur. The fair
 value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based
 RSUs and director share awards are based on the closing market
 price of its common shares on the date of grant as stated on the
 NYSE. We estimate the fair value of &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt; options as of the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model
 considers
 among other factors
 the expected life of the award
 the
 expected volatility of the Company&amp;#x2019;s share price
 and
 expected dividends. The Company records share-based compensation
 expense in SG&amp;amp;A expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based
 compensation are recognized in results of operations at settlement
 or expiration of the award. The excess tax benefit or deficiency is
 calculated as the difference between the grant date price and the
 price of our common shares on the vesting or exercise date.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 17&amp;#x2014;Consolidated Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 (Loss) Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Changes in consolidated accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
 income (&amp;#x201C;AOCI&amp;#x201D;) by component for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 93.95pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;on&amp;#xA0;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;br /&gt;
 Plan&amp;#xA0;Items&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustment&amp;#xA0;Items&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 OCI before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period OCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of subsidiary shares from &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(76.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 OCI before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(35.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period OCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(103.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 OCI before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period OCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(76.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(94.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All amounts are net of tax.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the amounts reclassified from AOCI
 to total net income (loss) for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=22%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;Line&amp;#xA0;Item&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;in&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;Statement Where&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Income Is&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Presented&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Details About&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 68.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;AOCI Components&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gains and losses on derivative instruments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency and commodity hedges&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Cost&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;sales&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;before&amp;#xA0;taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 Tax&amp;#xA0;(expense)&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;benefit&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of pension benefit plan items&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service costs &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (losses)/gains &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Total before taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Tax (expense) or benefit&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total reclassifications for the period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;These AOCI components are included in
 the computation of net periodic pension cost.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We record costs associated with the manufacturing of our products
 in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to store
 prepare and move products between production facilities or from
 production facilities to branch locations or storage facilities are
 recorded in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to
 deliver products from our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segment branch locations to the
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;end-user&lt;/font&gt; consumer of those
 products are recorded in selling
 general and administrative
 (&amp;#x201C;SG&amp;amp;A&amp;#x201D;) expenses. All other costs incurred in
 shipment of products from our production facilities to customer
 locations are reflected in cost of sales. Shipping and handling
 costs included in SG&amp;amp;A were $440.8&amp;#xA0;million
 $360.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $281.9&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively. Finished goods inventory costs include the cost
 of direct labor and materials and the applicable share of overhead
 expense chargeable to production.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 15&amp;#x2014;Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Our total debt as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unamortized&lt;br /&gt;
 Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unamortized&lt;br /&gt;
 Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 6.750% senior notes due in 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 10.000% senior notes due in 2021&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;269.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;269.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.375% senior notes due in 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2024&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;539.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;529.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;464.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2025&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;750.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;739.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ABL facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 GE Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other debt financing&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
313.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;26.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
287.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
225.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
199.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Short-term borrowings and current debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ABL facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total short-term borrowings required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 GE Term Loan - current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other debt financing&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital leases -current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total current debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;225.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;225.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Debt required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
 divestiture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 6.750% senior notes due in 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.375% senior notes due in 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 GE Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as
 part of divestiture&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
152.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
135.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
563.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
542.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;861.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The outstanding aggregate principal
 amount and unamortized premium of our DSS Notes was
 $250.0&amp;#xA0;million and $19.9&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 and $350.0&amp;#xA0;million and $34.2&amp;#xA0;million at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The long-term debt payments (which include current maturities of
 long-term debt) required in each of the next five years and
 thereafter are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Long&amp;#xA0;Term&amp;#xA0;Debt&lt;br /&gt;
 (incl. current)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;225.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;250.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
289.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
293.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset-Based Lending Facility&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2008
 we entered into a credit agreement with JPMorgan
 Chase Bank N.A. as Agent that created an ABL facility to provide
 financing for our operations. We have amended and refinanced the
 ABL facility from time to time and incurred related financing fees
 $12.4&amp;#xA0;million of which have been capitalized and deferred and
 are being amortized using the straight-line method over the
 duration of the amended ABL facility.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we had $220.3&amp;#xA0;million of
 outstanding borrowings under the ABL facility. The commitment fee
 was 0.375% per annum of the unused commitment
 which
 taking into
 account $46.0&amp;#xA0;million of letters of credit
 was
 $233.7&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017. The weighted
 average effective interest rate at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 on our
 outstanding LIBOR loans was 3.1%. The effective interest rates are
 based on our aggregate availability.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to repay $262.5&amp;#xA0;million of our outstanding balance on the ABL
 facility. Additionally
 we amended and restated the Amended and
 Restated Credit Agreement. The ABL facility
 as amended and
 restated
 provides us with financing in the United States
 Canada
 the United Kingdom
 Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Cott and its
 subsidiaries
 Cott Holdings Inc.
 DSS
 S&amp;amp;D
 Aimia and
 Aquaterra
 are borrowers under the ABL facility. The ABL facility
 is a revolving facility of up to $250.0&amp;#xA0;million with a
 maturity date of August&amp;#xA0;3
 2021. JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 serves as administrative agent and administrative collateral agent
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 London Branch serves as U.K.
 security trustee. Availability under the ABL facility is dependent
 on a borrowing base calculated as a percentage of the value of
 eligible inventory
 accounts receivable and property
 plant and
 equipment in the manner set forth in the credit agreement. Subject
 to certain conditions
 the ABL facility may be increased up to an
 additional $100.0&amp;#xA0;million at our option if lenders agree to
 increase their commitments. The debt under the ABL facility is
 guaranteed by most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. and Luxembourg
 subsidiaries and certain of our Dutch subsidiaries.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;5.500% Senior Notes due in 2025&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On March&amp;#xA0;22
 2017
 we issued $750.0&amp;#xA0;million of our 2025
 Notes to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under
 Rule 144A under the Securities Act
 and outside the United States
 to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;purchasers
 pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act and other
 applicable laws. The 2025 Notes were issued by our wholly-owned
 subsidiary Cott Holdings Inc.
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K.
 Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries guarantee the 2025 Notes.
 The 2025 Notes will mature on April&amp;#xA0;1
 2025 and interest is
 payable semi-annually on April 1st and October 1st of each year
 commencing on October&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2025 Notes
 were used to redeem in full the 2020 Notes
 redeem
 $100.0&amp;#xA0;million aggregate principal amount of our DSS Notes and
 to pay related fees and expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We incurred $11.7&amp;#xA0;million of financing fees in connection with
 the issuance of the 2025 Notes. The financing fees are being
 amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year
 period
 which represents the term to maturity of the 2025
 Notes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;5.500% Senior Notes due in 2024&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In June 2016
 we issued &amp;#x20AC;450.0&amp;#xA0;million (U.S.
 $539.1&amp;#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017) of our 2024 Notes to qualified purchasers
 in a private placement offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S
 under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. The 2024 Notes
 were initially issued by our wholly-owned subsidiary Cott Finance
 Corporation. In connection with the closing of the Eden
 Acquisition
 we assumed all of the obligations of Cott Finance
 Corporation under the 2024 Notes
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries that are currently obligors
 under the 2022 Notes and the 2020 Notes entered into a supplemental
 indenture to guarantee the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature
 on July&amp;#xA0;1
 2024 and interest is payable semi-annually on
 January 1st and July 1st of each year commencing on January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2024 Notes were used to fund a portion of
 the purchase price of the Eden Acquisition and to pay related fees
 and expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We incurred approximately $11.3&amp;#xA0;million of financing fees for
 the issuance of the 2024 Notes and $11.0&amp;#xA0;million of bridge
 financing commitment fees and professional fees in connection with
 the Eden Acquisition. The financing fees are being amortized using
 the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which
 represents the term to maturity of the 2024 Notes. The bridge
 financing commitment fees and professional fees were recorded in
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 in our
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;5.375% Senior Notes due in 2022&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In June 2014
 we issued $525.0&amp;#xA0;million of 5.375% senior notes
 due 2022. The issuer of the notes was our wholly-owned U.S.
 subsidiary Cott Beverages Inc. (&amp;#x201C;CBI&amp;#x201D;)
 and we and most
 of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries guaranteed the
 obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We incurred $9.6&amp;#xA0;million of financing fees in connection with
 the issuance of the 2022 Notes. The financing fees were being
 amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year
 period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2022
 Notes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to redeem the 2022 Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included
 $21.2&amp;#xA0;million in premium payments and $2.2&amp;#xA0;million in
 accrued interest.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;10.00% Senior Notes due in 2021&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In August 2013
 DSS (formerly DS Waters of America
 Inc.) issued
 $350.0&amp;#xA0;million of 10.00% senior secured notes. In connection
 with the acquisition of DSS
 our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries became
 guarantors of the obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The DSS Notes were recorded at their fair value of
 $406.0&amp;#xA0;million as part of the acquisition of DSS. The
 difference between the fair value and the principal amount of
 $350.0&amp;#xA0;million was being amortized as a component of interest
 expense over the remaining contractual term of the DSS Notes. We
 incurred approximately $26.5&amp;#xA0;million of consent solicitation
 fees and bridge financing commitment fees.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On May&amp;#xA0;5
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the
 issuance of the 2025 Notes to redeem $100.0&amp;#xA0;million in
 aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The partial redemption
 of the DSS Notes included $7.7&amp;#xA0;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $1.8&amp;#xA0;million and
 the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;write-off&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;of
 $9.2&amp;#xA0;million of unamortized premium.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to redeem the remaining $250.0&amp;#xA0;million aggregate principal
 amount of the DSS Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included
 $12.5&amp;#xA0;million in premium payments and $10.3&amp;#xA0;million in
 accrued interest.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;6.75% Senior Notes due in 2020&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In December 2014
 we issued $625.0&amp;#xA0;million of 6.75% senior
 notes due January&amp;#xA0;1
 2020. The issuer of the notes was our
 wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries guaranteed the obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We incurred $14.4&amp;#xA0;million of financing fees in connection with
 the issuance of the 2020 Notes. The financing fees were being
 amortized using the effective interest method over a five-year
 period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2020
 Notes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On April&amp;#xA0;5
 2017 and March&amp;#xA0;22
 2017
 we used a portion of
 the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes to purchase
 $422.7&amp;#xA0;million and $202.3&amp;#xA0;million in aggregate principal
 amount of the 2020 Notes. The redemption of the 2020 Notes included
 $14.3&amp;#xA0;million and $7.1&amp;#xA0;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $7.4&amp;#xA0;million and $3.1&amp;#xA0;million
 the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;write-off&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;of
 $5.8&amp;#xA0;million and $2.9&amp;#xA0;million in deferred financing fees
 and other costs of $0.1&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;GE Term Loan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In January 2008
 we entered into a capital lease finance
 arrangement with GE Capital for the lease of equipment. In
 September 2013
 we purchased the equipment subject to the lease for
 an aggregate purchase price of $10.7&amp;#xA0;million
 with the
 financing for such purchase provided by GE Capital at 5.23%
 interest.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to pay the remaining $1.9&amp;#xA0;million outstanding balance of the
 GE Term Loan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Covenant Compliance&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Indentures governing our outstanding notes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Under the indentures governing our outstanding notes
 we are
 subject to a number of covenants
 including covenants that limit
 our and certain of our subsidiaries&amp;#x2019; ability
 subject to
 certain exceptions and qualifications
 to (i)&amp;#xA0;pay dividends or
 make distributions
 repurchase equity securities
 prepay
 subordinated debt or make certain investments
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;incur
 additional debt or issue certain disqualified stock or preferred
 stock
 (iii)&amp;#xA0;create or incur liens on assets securing
 indebtedness
 (iv)&amp;#xA0;merge or consolidate with another company
 or sell all or substantially all of our assets taken as a whole
 (v)&amp;#xA0;enter into transactions with affiliates and (vi)&amp;#xA0;sell
 assets. The covenants are substantially similar across the series
 of notes. As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we were in compliance with
 all of the covenants under each series of notes. There have been no
 amendments to any covenants of our outstanding notes since the date
 of their issuance or assumption
 as applicable.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;ABL Facility&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Under the credit agreement governing the ABL facility
 Cott and its
 restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and
 financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage
 ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. As
 of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 of 1.0 to 1.0 was effective if and when aggregate availability was
 less than the greater of 10% of the lenders&amp;#x2019; commitments
 under the ABL facility or $37.5&amp;#xA0;million. If excess
 availability was less than the greater of 10% of the aggregate
 availability under the ABL facility or $37.5&amp;#xA0;million
 the
 lenders would take dominion over the cash and would apply excess
 cash to reduce amounts owing under the facility. We were in
 compliance with all of the applicable covenants under the ABL
 facility as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we amended and restated the Amended and Restated
 Credit Agreement
 dated as of August&amp;#xA0;3
 2016
 as amended
 which governed our prior ABL facility. Under the credit agreement
 governing the ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 Cott and its
 restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and
 financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage
 ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. The
 minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 is effective if
 and when there exists an event of default or aggregate availability
 is less than the greater of 10% of the Line Cap under the ABL
 facility or $22.5&amp;#xA0;million. Line Cap is defined as an amount
 equal to the lesser of the lenders&amp;#x2019; commitments or the
 borrowing base at such time. If an event of default exists or the
 excess availability is less than the greater of 10% of the
 aggregate availability under the ABL facility or
 $22.5&amp;#xA0;million
 the lenders will take dominion over the cash
 and will apply excess cash to reduce amounts owing under the
 facility.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Derivative financial instruments&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to
 movements in foreign currencies and certain commodity prices. All
 derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use derivative financial
 instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We manage credit
 risk related to the derivative financial instruments by requiring
 high credit standards for our counterparties and periodic
 settlements. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information on our derivative financial
 instruments.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 19&amp;#x2014;Hedging Transactions and Derivative Financial
 Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We are directly and indirectly affected by changes in foreign
 currency market conditions. These changes in market conditions may
 adversely impact our financial performance and are referred to as
 market risks. When deemed appropriate by management
 we use
 derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential
 impact of foreign currency market risks.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We use various types of derivative instruments including
 but not
 limited to
 forward contracts and swap agreements for certain
 commodities. Forward contracts are agreements to buy or sell a
 quantity of a currency at a predetermined future date
 and at a
 predetermined rate or price. A swap agreement is a contract between
 two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying
 notional amounts
 assets and/or indices.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 All derivatives are carried at fair value in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets in the line item accounts receivable
 net or
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The carrying values of
 the derivatives reflect the impact of legally enforceable
 agreements with the same counterparties. These allow us to net
 settle positive and negative positions (assets and liabilities)
 arising from different transactions with the same counterparty.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the
 fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the
 derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 and the types of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be
 designated as fair value hedges
 cash flow hedges or hedges of net
 investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair values
 of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value
 hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations as the changes in the fair
 value of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged.
 The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated
 and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI and are
 reclassified into the line item in the Consolidated Statements of
 Operations in which the hedged items are recorded in the same
 period the hedged items affect earnings. Due to the high degree of
 effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying
 exposures being hedged
 fluctuations in the value of the derivative
 instruments are generally offset by changes in the fair values or
 cash flows of the underlying exposures being hedged. The changes in
 fair values of derivatives that were not designated and/or did not
 qualify as hedging instruments are immediately recognized into
 earnings. We classify cash inflows and outflows related to
 derivative and hedging instruments with the appropriate cash flows
 section associated with the item being hedged.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments
 we formally designate and document
 at inception
 the financial
 instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure
 the risk
 management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge
 transaction. In addition
 we formally assess both at the inception
 and at least quarterly thereafter
 whether the financial
 instruments used in hedging transactions are highly effective at
 offsetting changes in either the fair values or cash flows of the
 related underlying exposures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We estimate the fair values of our derivatives based on quoted
 market prices or pricing models using current market rates (see
 Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The notional
 amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily
 represent amounts exchanged by the parties and
 therefore
 are not
 a direct measure of our exposure to the financial risks described
 above. The amounts exchanged are calculated by reference to the
 notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives
 such as
 interest rates
 foreign currency exchange rates or other financial
 indices. We do not view the fair values of our derivatives in
 isolation
 but rather in relation to the fair values or cash flows
 of the underlying hedged transactions. All of our derivatives are
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;over-the-counter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; instruments
 with liquid markets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Credit Risk Associated with Derivatives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We have established strict counterparty credit guidelines and enter
 into transactions only with financial institutions of investment
 grade or better. We monitor counterparty exposures regularly and
 review promptly any downgrade in counterparty credit rating. We
 mitigate &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-settlement&lt;/font&gt;
 risk by being permitted to net settle for transactions with the
 same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of credit risk
 we
 enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial
 institutions. Based on these factors
 we consider the risk of
 counterparty default to be minimal.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cash Flow Hedging Strategy&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We use cash flow hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows
 of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by
 fluctuations in commodity prices. The changes in fair values of
 hedges that are determined to be ineffective are immediately
 reclassified from AOCI into earnings. We did not discontinue any
 cash flow hedging relationships during the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 or December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.
 Substantially all outstanding hedges as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 are expected to settle in the next twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We have entered into coffee futures contracts to hedge exposure to
 price fluctuations on green coffee associated with fixed-price
 sales contracts with customers
 which generally range from three to
 twelve months in length. These derivative instruments have been
 designated and qualified as a part of our commodity cash flow
 hedging program effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The objective of
 this hedging program is to reduce the variability of cash flows
 associated with future purchases of green coffee.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The notional amount for the coffee futures contracts that were
 designated and qualified for our commodity cash flow hedging
 program was 48.1&amp;#xA0;million pounds as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.
 We did not elect hedge accounting for our coffee futures contracts
 in 2016. The notional amounts for the coffee futures contracts not
 designated or qualifying as hedging instruments was
 44.9&amp;#xA0;million pounds as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.
 Approximately $1.3&amp;#xA0;million of realized gains
 representing the
 effective portion of the cash-flow hedge
 were subsequently
 reclassified from AOCI to earnings and recognized in cost of sales
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivative liabilities
 included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million and $6.1&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively. We had no derivative
 assets as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. Set
 forth below is a reconciliation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s derivatives
 by contract type for the period indicated:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 68.15pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Derivative Contract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The fair value of the coffee futures
 excludes amounts in the related margin accounts. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the aggregate
 margin account balances were $5.3&amp;#xA0;million and
 $9.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively and are included in cash&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Coffee futures are subject to enforceable master netting
 arrangements and are presented net in the reconciliation above. The
 fair value of the coffee futures assets and liabilities which are
 shown on a net basis are reconciled in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The location and amount of gains or losses recognized in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for cash flow hedging
 relationships relationship
 presented on a &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt; basis
 for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 is shown in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;For&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash
 flow hedges are recorded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
142.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Gain on cash flow hedging relationship&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gain reclassfied from AOCI into income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The settlement of our derivative instruments resulted in a credit
 to cost of sales of $1.3&amp;#xA0;million for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;24
 2017
 we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
 with Refresco Group N.V.
 a Dutch public company
 (&amp;#x201C;Refresco&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which we sold to Refresco
 on
 January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 our carbonated soft drinks
 (&amp;#x201C;CSDs&amp;#x201D;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North
 America
 United Kingdom (&amp;#x201C;U.K.&amp;#x201D;) and Mexico business
 units (including the Canadian business) and our RCI finished goods
 export business (collectively
 &amp;#x201C;Traditional Business&amp;#x201D;
 and such transaction
 the &amp;#x201C;Transaction&amp;#x201D;). The
 Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian
 business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries
 engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions
 after we completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate deal
 consideration was $1.25&amp;#xA0;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other
 customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the
 sale of the Traditional Business representing a strategic shift and
 having a major effect on our operations
 the Traditional Business
 is presented herein as discontinued operations. The Traditional
 Business excludes our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI
 concentrate businesses and our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing
 facility.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 For all periods presented
 the operating results associated with
 the Traditional Business have been reclassified into net income
 (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and the assets and
 liabilities associated with this business have been reflected as
 current and long-term assets and liabilities of discontinued
 operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash flows from the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s discontinued operations are presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented.
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on a
 continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In the Form &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;10-Q&lt;/font&gt; for the
 three and nine months ended September&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 the Company
 originally reported the $525.0&amp;#xA0;million of 5.375% senior notes
 due 2022 (the &amp;#x201C;2022 Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 the $625.0&amp;#xA0;million of
 6.75% senior notes due 2020 (the &amp;#x201C;2020 Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 the
 asset-based lending facility (the &amp;#x201C;ABL facility&amp;#x201D;) and
 certain other debt as liabilities of discontinued
 operations.&amp;#xA0;However
 since Refresco did not assume the debt
 upon closing of the sale of the Traditional Business
 these items
 should not have been classified as discontinued
 operations.&amp;#xA0;Management has evaluated this misclassification
 and determined the amounts are not material to the previously
 issued financial statements.&amp;#xA0;The 2022 Notes
 the 2020 Notes
 and certain other debt are presented as &amp;#x201C;Debt required to be
 repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&amp;#x201D; and the ABL
 facility is presented as &amp;#x201C;Short-term borrowings required to
 be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&amp;#x201D; on the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 8&amp;#x2014;Common Shares and Net (Loss) Income per Common
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Common Shares&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On June&amp;#xA0;29
 2016
 we completed a public offering
 on a bought
 deal basis
 of 15
088
000 common shares at a price of $15.25 per
 share for total gross proceeds to us of $230.1&amp;#xA0;million (the
 &amp;#x201C;June 2016 Offering&amp;#x201D;). We incurred and recorded
 $9.2&amp;#xA0;million of underwriter commissions and $1.1&amp;#xA0;million
 in professional fees in connection with the June 2016 Offering. The
 net proceeds of the June 2016 Offering were used to repay
 borrowings under our ABL facility
 to finance the S&amp;amp;D
 Acquisition and for general corporate purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On March&amp;#xA0;9
 2016
 we completed a public offering
 on a bought
 deal basis
 of 12
765
000 common shares at a price of $11.80 per
 share for total gross proceeds to us of $150.6&amp;#xA0;million (the
 &amp;#x201C;March 2016 Offering&amp;#x201D;). We incurred and recorded
 $6.0&amp;#xA0;million of underwriter commissions and $0.8&amp;#xA0;million
 in professional fees in connection with the March 2016 Offering.
 The net proceeds of the March 2016 Offering were used to repay
 borrowings under our ABL facility and for general corporate
 purposes.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net (Loss) Income Per Common Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Basic net (loss) income per common share is calculated by dividing
 net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation by the weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding during the periods
 presented. Diluted net (loss) income per common share is calculated
 by dividing diluted net (loss) income attributable to Cott
 Corporation by the weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding adjusted to include the effect
 if dilutive
 of the
 exercise of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;in-the-money&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; stock options
 Performance-based RSUs
 and Time-based RSUs during the periods
 presented.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the numerator and
 denominator for the diluted net (loss) income per common share
 computations for the periods indicated:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Numerator (in millions):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(60.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(77.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Denominator (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;139
078&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Denominator (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;139
078&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dilutive effect of Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dilutive effect of Performance based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dilutive effect of Time-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;139
078&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes anti-dilutive securities excluded
 from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per common share
 for the periods indicated:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 48.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5
006&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Performance-based RSUs &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
235&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Time-based RSUs &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;493&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Performance-based RSUs represent the
 number of shares expected to be issued based on the estimated
 achievement of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;
 income for these awards.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Time-based RSUs represent the number
 of shares expected to be issued based on known employee retention
 information.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 7&amp;#x2014;Share-based Compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Our shareowners approved our Amended and Restated Cott Corporation
 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#x201C;Amended and Restated Equity
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) in its current form in May 2015. Awards under the
 Amended and Restated Equity Plan may be in the form of incentive
 stock options
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt; stock options
 restricted shares
 restricted share units
 performance shares
 performance units
 stock appreciation rights
 and stock payments to
 employees
 directors and outside consultants. The Amended and
 Restated Equity Plan is administered by the Human Resources and
 Compensation Committee (&amp;#x201C;HRCC&amp;#x201D;) or any other board
 committee as may be designated by the board from time to time.
 Under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan
 20
000
000 shares are
 reserved for future issuance subject to adjustment upon a share
 split
 share dividend
 recapitalization
 and other similar
 transactions and events. Shares that are issued under the Amended
 and Restated Equity Plan are applied to reduce the maximum number
 of shares remaining available for issuance under the Amended and
 Restated Equity Plan; provided that the total number of shares
 available for issuance under the Amended and Restated Plan is
 reduced two shares for each share issued pursuant to a
 &amp;#x201C;full-value&amp;#x201D; award (i.e.
 an award other than an option
 or stock appreciation right).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Shares to be issued pursuant to Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based
 RSUs
 or stock options that are forfeited
 expired
 or are
 cancelled or settled without the issuance of shares return to the
 pool of shares available for issuance under the Amended and
 Restated Equity Plan. As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 there were
 2
432
533 shares available for future issuance under the Amended
 and Restated Equity Plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the share-based compensation expense for
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016. Share-based compensation expense is recorded
 in SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
 As referenced below: (i) &amp;#x201C;Performance-based RSUs&amp;#x201D;
 represent restricted share units with performance-based vesting
 (ii) &amp;#x201C;Time-based RSUs&amp;#x201D; represent restricted share units
 with time-based vesting
 (iii) &amp;#x201C;Stock options&amp;#x201D;
 represent &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt;
 stock options
 (iv) &amp;#x201C;Director share awards&amp;#x201D; represent
 common shares issued in consideration of the annual board retainer
 fee to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-management&lt;/font&gt;
 members of our board of directors
 and (v)&amp;#xA0;the
 &amp;#x201C;ESPP&amp;#x201D; represents the Cott Corporation Employee Share
 Purchase Plan
 under which common shares are issued to eligible
 employees at a discount through payroll deductions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Performance-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Time-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Director share awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee Share Purchase Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes $5.4 million
 $2.4 million
 and $2.7 million of share-based compensation expense from our
 discontinued operations
 which were included in net income (loss)
 from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December
 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 During the third quarter of 2017
 in connection with the sale of
 the Traditional Business and upon a determination by the HRCC
 outstanding awards granted to Traditional Business employees vested
 as follows: outstanding time-based RSUs vested in full
 outstanding
 unvested stock options vested in full (and remain exercisable for
 three years from the date of closing of the Transaction)
 and
 outstanding performance-based RSUs vested in full
 assuming
 achievement of the applicable &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt; income level at the
 &amp;#x201C;target&amp;#x201D; level. As a result
 an additional
 $1.2&amp;#xA0;million of expense was recorded for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and included in net income (loss) from
 discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the Consolidated
 Statement of Operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The tax benefit recognized related to share-based compensation
 expense for the fiscal year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 was
 $0.5&amp;#xA0;million (December 31
 2016 - $2.8&amp;#xA0;million;
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 - $2.7 million).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 the unrecognized share-based
 compensation expense and weighted average years over which we
 expect to recognize it as compensation expense were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=21%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=21%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 137.3pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Unrecognized&amp;#xA0;share-based&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 compensation&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;as&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;years&lt;br /&gt;
 expected&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;recognize&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Performance-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Time-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Stock Options&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 During 2017
 2016 and 2015 approximately 734
500
 2
975
500
 and
 684
000 options were granted to certain employees under the Amended
 and Restated Equity Plan at a weighted-average exercise price of
 $17.50
 $11.15
 and $9.22 per share
 respectively. The
 weighted-average grant date fair value of the options was estimated
 to be $4.82
 $2.84
 and $4.31 per share in 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
 contractual term of an option granted is fixed by the Amended and
 Restated Equity plan and cannot exceed ten years from the grant
 date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The grant date fair value of each option granted during 2017
 2016
 and 2015 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing model with the following weighted-average
 assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Average expected life (years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the activity for Company stock
 options:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Options&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;term&lt;br /&gt;
 (years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;value&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
221&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.94&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;637.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited or expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
373.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
976&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
304.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited or expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
623.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
092.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited or expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
952.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
647.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested or expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
952.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The aggregate intrinsic value amounts in the table above represent
 the difference between the closing price of our common shares on
 the New York Stock Exchange on December&amp;#xA0;29
 2017
 which was
 $16.66 (December 30
 2016&amp;#x2014;$11.33; December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015&amp;#x2014;$10.99)
 and the exercise price
 multiplied by the
 number of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;in-the-money&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; stock options as
 of the same date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Stock options granted during the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 vest in three equal annual installments on the first
 second and
 third anniversaries of the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock
 options was $1.6&amp;#xA0;million during the fiscal year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 with no associated tax benefit realized. The
 total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options
 was $1.7&amp;#xA0;million during the fiscal year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 with an associated tax benefit of
 $1.3&amp;#xA0;million. The total amount of cash received from the
 exercise of stock options was $0.5&amp;#xA0;million during the fiscal
 year ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 with no associated tax benefit
 realized. The total fair value of options that vested during the
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 was $16.4&amp;#xA0;million (December
 31
 2016 &amp;#x2014; $1.6&amp;#xA0;million; January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 &amp;#x2014;
 $1.5 million).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Other Awards&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In 2017
 we granted 84
060 common shares to the &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-management&lt;/font&gt; members of our board of
 directors under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan with a grant
 date fair value of approximately $1.1&amp;#xA0;million. The common
 shares were issued in consideration of the directors&amp;#x2019; annual
 board retainer fee and were vested upon issuance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Additionally
 in 2017
 we granted 33
030 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2019 fiscal year
 and 202
269
 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2020
 fiscal year. The number of shares ultimately awarded will be based
 upon the performance percentage
 which can range from 0% to 200% of
 the awards granted. The Performance-based RSUs vest primarily on
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s achievement of a specified level of cumulative
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt; income for the
 applicable performance period. The number of Performance-based RSUs
 that may vest and the related unrecognized compensation cost is
 subject to change based on the level of targeted &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt; income that is achieved during
 the vesting period. The Company also granted 134
840 Time-based
 RSUs
 which vest in three equal annual installments on the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant and are based
 upon a service condition.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Performance-&lt;br /&gt;
 based RSUs&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant-Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Time-based&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 RSUs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant-Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
782&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded in connection with modification&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Issued&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.87&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;835&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded in connection with acquisitions &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Issued &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded in connection with modification&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Issued&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
899&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested or expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents shares that were awarded
 to Eden and S&amp;amp;D employees in connection with the Eden
 Acquisition and S&amp;amp;D Acquisition.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes 416
951 common shares
 granted to certain S&amp;amp;D employees in connection with the S&amp;amp;D
 Acquisition; the common shares were fully vested upon
 issuance.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 8%&gt;
 The total fair value of Performance-based RSUs vested and issued
 during the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 were $2.6&amp;#xA0;million and $1.8&amp;#xA0;million. There were no
 Performance-based RSUs vested and issued during the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. The total fair value of Time-based RSUs
 vested and issued during the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 were
 $4.3&amp;#xA0;million
 $12.3&amp;#xA0;million
 and $0.1&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Employee Share Purchase Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 8%&gt;
 The Company has maintained the Cott Corporation Employee Share
 Purchase Plan (the &amp;#x201C;ESPP&amp;#x201D;) since 2015. The ESPP
 qualifies as an &amp;#x201C;employee share purchase plan&amp;#x201D; under
 Section&amp;#xA0;423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 (&amp;#x201C;IRC&amp;#x201D;)
 as amended. Substantially all employees are
 eligible to participate in the ESPP and may elect to participate at
 the beginning of any quarterly offering period. The ESPP authorizes
 the issuance
 and the purchase by eligible employees
 of up to
 3
000
000 shares of Cott common shares through payroll deductions.
 Eligible employees who choose to participate may purchase Cott
 common shares at 90% of market value on the first or last day of
 the quarterly offering period
 whichever is lower. The minimum
 contribution which an eligible employee may make under the ESPP is
 1% of the employee&amp;#x2019;s eligible compensation
 with the maximum
 contribution limited to 15% of the employee&amp;#x2019;s eligible
 compensation. At the end of each quarterly offering period for
 which the employee participates
 the total amount of each
 employee&amp;#x2019;s payroll deduction for that offering period will be
 used to purchase Cott common shares. The Company recognized
 $0.1&amp;#xA0;million
 $0.2&amp;#xA0;million and $0.1&amp;#xA0;million of
 share-based compensation expense in SG&amp;amp;A expenses in the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. At December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 2
735
506 shares remained
 available for issuance under the ESPP.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 2&amp;#x2014;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 the Company completed the sale of the
 Traditional Business to Refresco. The Transaction was structured as
 a sale of the assets of the Canadian business and a sale of the
 stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional
 Business in the other jurisdictions after the Company completed an
 internal reorganization. The aggregate deal consideration was
 $1.25&amp;#xA0;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment
 for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing
 adjustments. The Traditional Business excludes our Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI concentrate
 businesses
 and our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In connection with the closing of the Transaction
 the Company used
 a portion of the proceeds to redeem $525.0&amp;#xA0;million aggregate
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 $250.0&amp;#xA0;million aggregate
 principal amount of the 10.000% senior secured notes due 2021 (the
 &amp;#x201C;DSS Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 and $262.5&amp;#xA0;million outstanding
 balance on the ABL facility.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The Company and Refresco have entered into a Transition Services
 Agreement pursuant to which the Company and Refresco will provide
 certain services to each other for various service periods
 with
 the longest service period being 18 months
 including tax and
 accounting services
 certain human resources services
 communications systems and support
 and insurance/risk management.
 Each party will be compensated for services rendered as set forth
 in the Transition Services Agreement. Each service period may be
 extended as set forth in the Transition Services Agreement
 up to a
 maximum extension of 180 days.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In addition
 the Company and Refresco have entered into certain
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Co-pack&lt;/font&gt; Manufacturing
 Agreements pursuant to which the Company and Refresco will
 manufacture and supply certain beverage products for each other and
 a Concentrate Supply Agreement pursuant to which the Company will
 supply concentrates to Refresco. Each party will be compensated for
 the products they supply as set forth in the applicable agreements.
 The &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Co-pack&lt;/font&gt; Manufacturing
 Agreements provide for a term of 36 months and the Concentrate
 Supply Agreement provides for a term that is coterminous with the
 term of the Transition Services Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The major components of net income (loss) from discontinued
 operations
 net of income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Operations include the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
637.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
658.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
799.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
428.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
434.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
554.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income from discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;49.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;81.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss from discontinued operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(20.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(31.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Net income attributable to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interests&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss) attributable to Cott Corporation &amp;#x2013;
 discontinued operations &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Transaction is anticipated to
 result in a gain on sale which led to certain U.S. deferred tax
 liabilities being considered as a source of future taxable income.
 As a result
 we recognized a tax benefit of approximately
 $26.9&amp;#xA0;million related to a corresponding U.S. valuation
 allowance release.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to
 Cott Corporation - discontinued operations is inclusive of interest
 expense on short-term borrowings and debt required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture of $49.5 million for the year
 ended December 30
 2017 (December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 - $81.2 million;
 January 2
 2016 - $80.9 million).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations presented in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 include the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;66.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;143.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;191.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current assets of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;408.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;350.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;348.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;136.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;176.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;180.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Long-term assets of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;677.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;666.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;294.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;295.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;43.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;45.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Cash flows from discontinued operations included borrowings and
 payments under the ABL facility of $3
004.1&amp;#xA0;million and
 $2
990.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 $2
401.7&amp;#xA0;million and
 $2
318.9&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and $994.5&amp;#xA0;million and
 $1
101.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 for the year ended
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 20&amp;#x2014;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 ASC No.&amp;#xA0;820 defines fair value as the exchange price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an
 exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the
 asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
 participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 the inputs used
 to measure fair value are prioritized based on a three-level
 hierarchy. This hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of
 observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:6pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=2% valign=top align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=1% valign=top&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Level 1&amp;#x2014;Quoted prices in active
 markets for identical assets or liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:6pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=2% valign=top align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=1% valign=top&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Level 2&amp;#x2014;Observable inputs other
 than quoted prices included in Level&amp;#xA0;1
 such as quoted prices
 for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
 for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are
 not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be
 corroborated by observable market data.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:6pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=5%&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=2% valign=top align=left&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=1% valign=top&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Level 3&amp;#x2014;Unobservable inputs
 that are supported by little or no market activity and that are
 significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This
 includes certain pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 and similar techniques that use significant unobservable
 inputs.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 We have certain assets and liabilities such as our derivative
 instruments that are required to be recorded at fair value on a
 recurring basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Our derivative assets and liabilities represent Level&amp;#xA0;2
 instruments. Level&amp;#xA0;2 instruments are valued based on
 observable inputs for quoted prices for similar assets and
 liabilities in active markets. The fair value of the derivative
 liabilities as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 was $1.2&amp;#xA0;million and $6.1&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively. We had
 no derivative assets as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair value of financial instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The carrying amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 payables
 short-term
 borrowings and long-term debt approximate their respective fair
 values
 except as otherwise indicated. The carrying values and
 estimated fair values of our significant outstanding debt as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 6.750% senior notes due in 2020 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;647.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 10.000% senior notes due in 2021 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;269.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;283.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;383.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 5.375% senior notes due in 2022 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;539.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2024 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;529.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;574.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;464.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2025 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;739.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;759.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
057.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
156.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
071.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The fair values were based on the
 trading levels and bid/offer prices observed by a market
 participant and are considered Level&amp;#xA0;2 financial
 instruments.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Includes unamortized premium of
 $19.9&amp;#xA0;million and $34.2&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;3.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Carrying value of our significant
 outstanding debt is net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 (see Note 15 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The assets and liabilities of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt; active operations
 all of
 which are self-sustaining
 are translated to U.S. dollars at the
 exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenues and
 expenses are translated using average monthly exchange rates
 prevailing during the period. The resulting gains or losses are
 recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Goodwill represents the excess purchase price of acquired
 businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill
 is not amortized
 but instead is tested for impairment at least
 annually.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes our goodwill on a reporting segment
 basis as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reporting Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Based&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;579.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;439.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
048.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Adjustments &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;936.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
104.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route
 Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions segments
 in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;amp;D (see Note 3
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Cott operates through five operating segments: Route Based
 Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 Aimia
 RCI and
 Decantae. Route Based Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 are also reportable segments and Aimia
 RCI and Decantae are
 combined and disclosed in the All Other category. We test goodwill
 for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth
 quarter
 based on our reporting unit carrying values
 calculated as
 total assets less &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-interest&lt;/font&gt; bearing liabilities
 as
 of the end of the third quarter
 or more frequently if we determine
 a triggering event has occurred during the year. Any impairment
 loss is recognized in our results of operations. We evaluate
 goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit basis
 which is an
 operating segment or a level below an operating segment
 referred
 to as a component. A component of an operating segment is a
 reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which
 discrete financial information is available and management
 regularly reviews the operating results of that component. However
 two or more components of an operating segment are aggregated and
 deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar
 economic characteristics. Our Route Based Services operating
 segment was determined to have three components
 DSS
 Aquaterra and
 Eden. We have determined that DSS and Aquaterra have similar
 economic characteristics and have aggregated them as a single
 reporting unit for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment
 (&amp;#x201C;DSSAqua&amp;#x201D;). For the purpose of testing goodwill for
 impairment in 2017
 we have determined our reporting units are
 DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. DSSAqua and Eden
 are components of the Route Based Services operating segment.
 S&amp;amp;D is a component of the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 operating segment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We had goodwill of $1
104.7&amp;#xA0;million on our Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 which represents amounts
 for the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae reporting
 units.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company early adopted Accounting
 Standard Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;) &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04
&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x201C;Intangibles &amp;#x2013;
 Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
 Impairment
&amp;#x201D; as part of the annual goodwill impairment
 testing. We have the option of performing a qualitative assessment
 to determine whether any further quantitative testing for a
 potential impairment is necessary. Our qualitative assessment will
 use judgments including
 but not limited to
 changes in the general
 economic environment
 industry considerations
 current economic
 performance compared to historical economic performance
 entity-specific events and events affecting our reporting units
 where applicable. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment
 or if we determine
 based upon our assessment of those qualitative
 factors that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
 reporting unit is less than its net carrying value
 a quantitative
 assessment is required. Quantitative testing requires the fair
 value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value.
 If the reporting unit&amp;#x2019;s carrying value exceeds its fair
 value
 an impairment charge is recognized for the difference.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 For purposes of the 2017 annual test
 we elected to perform a
 qualitative assessment for our RCI and Decantae reporting units to
 assess whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of
 these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In
 performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of
 factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a
 negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial
 performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant reporting unit events
 the impact of which are
 all significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the RCI and Decantae reporting units were greater than
 their respective carrying amount
 including goodwill
 indicating no
 impairment. Goodwill allocated to the RCI and Decantae reporting
 units as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 is $4.5&amp;#xA0;million and
 $1.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 For the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 we
 elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and performed a
 quantitative analysis due to a decline in 2017 actual versus
 projected operating results for DSSAqua and Aimia
 and to establish
 a baseline reference for Eden and S&amp;amp;D as 2017 was the first
 full year of operations for these businesses. We determined the
 fair value of each reporting unit being evaluated using a mix of
 the income approach (which is based on the discounted cash flows of
 the reporting unit) and the guideline public company approach. We
 weighted the income approach and the guideline public company
 approach at 50% each to determine the fair value of each reporting
 unit. We believe using a combination of these approaches provides a
 more accurate valuation because it incorporates the expected cash
 generation of the Company in addition to how a third-party market
 participant would value the reporting unit. As the business is
 assumed to continue in perpetuity
 the discounted future cash flows
 includes a terminal value. Critical assumptions used in our 2017
 valuation of the reporting units include the weighted-average
 terminal growth rates of 2.5%
 1.5%
 2.5% and 2.0% and discount
 rates of 8.0%
 9.0%
 8.5% and 11.0% for our DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D
 and Aimia reporting units
 respectively. The terminal growth rate
 assumption incorporated into the discounted cash flow calculation
 reflects our long-term view of the market and industry
 projected
 changes in the sale of our products
 pricing of such products and
 operating profit margins. The discount rate was determined using
 various factors and sensitive assumptions
 including bond yields
 size premiums and tax rates. This rate was based on the weighted
 average cost of capital a market participant would use if
 evaluating the reporting unit as an investment. These assumptions
 are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our
 best estimate of assumptions that market participants would use to
 determine the fair value of the respective reporting units. The key
 inputs into the discounted cash flow analysis were consistent with
 market data
 where available
 indicating that the assumptions used
 were in a reasonable range of observable market data.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Based on the quantitative assessment including consideration of the
 sensitivity of the assumptions made and methods used to determine
 fair value
 industry trends and other relevant factors
 we noted
 that the estimated fair values of DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D and Aimia
 reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately
 42.5%
 17.4%
 25.9% and 19.2%
 respectively. Therefore no goodwill
 impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017. Goodwill allocated to the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D and Aimia reporting units as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 are
 $612.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $324.7&amp;#xA0;million
 $117.8&amp;#xA0;million and
 $44.0&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In addition
 we note that goodwill held by reporting units in our
 Traditional Business totaled $136.8&amp;#xA0;million at
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and is included in long-term assets of
 discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We
 elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our Traditional
 Business reporting units to assess whether it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their
 respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited
 to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash
 flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted
 projections in prior periods
 the aggregate deal consideration of
 $1.25&amp;#xA0;billion for the sale of the Traditional Business and
 other relevant reporting unit events
 all of which require the use
 of significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the Traditional Business reporting units were greater
 than their respective carrying amounts
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Each year during the fourth quarter
 we &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-evaluate&lt;/font&gt; the assumptions used in
 our assessments
 such as revenue growth rates
 operating profit
 margins and discount rates
 to reflect any significant changes in
 the business environment that could materially affect the fair
 value of our reporting units. Based on the evaluations performed in
 2017
 we determined that the fair value of each of our reporting
 units exceeded their carrying amounts.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 our intangible assets subject to
 amortization
 net of accumulated amortization were
 $462.5&amp;#xA0;million
 consisting principally of $428.7&amp;#xA0;million
 of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&amp;#xA0;million of software
 and $14.2&amp;#xA0;million of patents.
 Customer relationships are typically amortized on an accelerated
 basis for the period over which we expect to receive the economic
 benefits. With the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition
 Eden Acquisition
 and
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 the acquired customer relationships are
 amortized over the expected remaining useful life of those
 relationships on a basis that reflects the pattern of realization
 of the estimated undiscounted &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;after-tax&lt;/font&gt; cash flows. We review the
 estimated useful life of these intangible assets annually
 unless a
 review is required more frequently due a triggering event
 such as
 a loss of a significant customer. Our review of the estimated
 useful life takes into consideration the specific net cash flows
 related to the intangible asset. The permanent loss of
 or
 significant decline in sales to customers included in the
 intangible asset would result in either an impairment in the value
 of the intangible asset or an accelerated amortization of any
 remaining value and could lead to an impairment of the fixed assets
 that were used to service that customer. In 2016
 we recorded
 $11.4&amp;#xA0;million in customer relationships acquired with the
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 $134.1&amp;#xA0;million in customer
 relationships acquired with the Eden Acquisition
 and
 $113.7&amp;#xA0;million in customer relationships acquired with the
 S&amp;amp;D Acquisition. We did not record impairment charges for other
 intangible assets in 2017
 2016 or 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Our intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to the 2001
 acquisition of intellectual property from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 and include the right to manufacture our concentrates
 with
 all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and
 manufacturing information
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;know-how&lt;/font&gt; and the use of the Royal
 Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the
 &amp;#x201C;Rights&amp;#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of
 DSS (the &amp;#x201C;DSS Trademarks&amp;#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the
 acquisition of Eden (the &amp;#x201C;Eden Trademarks&amp;#x201D;)
 and
 trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Aquaterra (the
 &amp;#x201C;Aquaterra Trademarks&amp;#x201D;). These assets have an aggregate
 net book value of $288.6&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.
 There are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
 economic
 or other factors that limit the useful life of these intangible
 assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The life of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and
 Aquaterra Trademarks are considered to be indefinite and therefore
 these intangible assets are not amortized. Rather
 they are tested
 for impairment at least annually or more frequently if we determine
 a triggering event has occurred during the year. We compare the
 carrying amount of the intangible asset to its fair value and when
 the carrying amount is greater than the fair value
 we recognize in
 income an impairment loss. During the fourth quarter of 2017
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 value of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra
 Trademarks were greater than their respective carrying value
 indicating no impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We assessed qualitative factors to determine whether the existence
 of events or circumstances indicated that it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks
 were less than their respective carrying value. The qualitative
 factors we assessed included macroeconomic conditions
 industry and
 market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative
 effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance
 compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other
 relevant events
 the impact of which are all significant judgements
 and estimates. We concluded that it was more likely than not that
 the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were more
 than its carrying value and therefore we were not required to
 perform any additional testing.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 To determine the fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden
 Trademarks
 we use a relief from royalty method of the income
 approach
 which calculates a fair value royalty rate that is
 applied to revenue forecasts associated with those trademarks. The
 resulting cash flows are discounted using a rate to reflect the
 risk of achieving the projected royalty savings attributable to the
 trademarks. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
 these trademarks are subjective and require significant management
 judgment
 including estimated future revenues
 the fair value
 royalty rate (which is estimated to be a reasonable market royalty
 charge that would be charged by a licensor of the trademarks) and
 the risk adjusted discount rate. Based on our impairment test
 the
 estimated fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden Trademarks
 exceeded the carrying value by approximately 18.0% and 28.0%
 respectively. If actual revenues in future periods
 are less than
 currently projected for the DSS Trademarks and Eden Trademarks
 these trademarks could be impaired.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 6&amp;#x2014;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;(Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes
 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(29.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income
 taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(33.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(39.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(33.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(33.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(30.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table reconciles income taxes calculated at the basic
 Canadian corporate rates with the income tax provision:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense based on Canadian statutory rates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(8.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Local taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Nontaxable interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Impact of intercompany transactions and dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(9.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Nontaxable capital gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dividend income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in enacted tax rates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(32.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;45.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Permanent differences&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Adjustments to deferred taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other items&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(30.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities were recognized on
 temporary differences between the financial and tax bases of
 existing assets and liabilities as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;181.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;204.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Liabilities and reserves&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;35.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;267.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(69.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(104.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(165.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(231.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(234.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(336.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(129.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(96.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(155.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following changes were made to the December 31
 2016
 presentation of the temporary differences to conform with the
 current period presentation: Deferred tax assets associated with
 disallowed interest deductions were reclassed from net operating
 loss carryforwards to interest expense and the deferred tax asset
 associated with the unamortized premium on the DSS Notes was
 reclassed from intangible assets to interest expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act
 which significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime
 by
 among other things
 lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from
 35% to 21%
 limiting various business deductions and repealing the
 corporate alternative minimum tax. Many provisions in the Tax Act
 are generally effective in tax years beginning after December 31
 2017. U.S. GAAP requires the impact of tax legislation to be
 recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. As a result
 of the Tax Act
 we recorded tax benefits in the fourth quarter of
 2017 of $32.2 million due to a re-measurement of the U.S deferred
 tax assets and liabilities and $1.3 million due to the repeal of
 the corporate alternative minimum tax. The tax benefits represent
 provisional amounts and our current best estimates. The provisional
 amounts incorporate assumptions made based upon our current
 interpretation of the Tax Act and may be refined through the fourth
 quarter of 2018 as we receive additional clarification and
 implementation guidance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 As a result of adopting ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;in 2016 on a
 modified retrospective basis
 with a cumulative effect adjustment
 to opening retained earnings
 the table of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities shown above includes deferred tax assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 that arose directly from tax deductions
 related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized
 for financial reporting.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we have outside tax basis
 differences
 including undistributed earnings
 in our foreign
 subsidiaries. For 2017
 we recorded a deferred tax asset of $3.8
 million with a corresponding valuation allowance for the reversal
 of certain outside basis differences related to the divestiture of
 the Traditional Business. Deferred taxes have not been recorded on
 the remaining undistributed earnings because the foreign subsidiary
 has the ability to repatriate funds to its parent
 company&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;tax-efficiently&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;or
 the undistributed earnings are indefinitely reinvested under the
 accounting guidance. In order to arrive at this conclusion
 we
 considered factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements
 cash requirements to satisfy the
 ongoing operations
 capital expenditures and other financial
 obligations of our subsidiaries. It is not practicable to determine
 the excess book basis over outside tax basis in the shares or the
 amount of incremental taxes that might arise if these earnings were
 to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be significantly
 impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the
 amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under
 applicable tax laws when distributed
 relevant tax treaties and
 foreign tax credits. We repatriated earnings of $27.5&amp;#xA0;million
 nil
 and $17.3&amp;#xA0;million
 to Canada in 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 incurring no tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we have operating loss carryforwards
 totaling $785.0&amp;#xA0;million
 capital loss carryforwards totaling
 $17.8&amp;#xA0;million
 and credit carryforwards totaling
 $4.1&amp;#xA0;million. The operating loss carryforward amount was
 attributable to Canadian operating loss carryforwards of
 $129.6&amp;#xA0;million that will expire from 2027 to 2038; U.S.
 federal and state operating loss carryforwards of
 $459.2&amp;#xA0;million and $19.6&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively
 that will
 expire from 2018 to 2038; Dutch operating loss carryfowards of
 $102.1&amp;#xA0;million that will expire from 2018 to 2024; and various
 other operating loss carryforwards of $74.5&amp;#xA0;million that will
 expire from 2018 to 2038.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The capital loss carryforward is attributable to Canadian capital
 losses of $12.9 million and Israeli capital losses of
 $4.9&amp;#xA0;million
 all with indefinite lives. The credit
 carryforward is attributable to a refundable U.S. federal
 alternative minimum tax credit carryforward of $1.3&amp;#xA0;million
 other U.S. federal credit carryforwards with a limited carryforward
 life of $0.9&amp;#xA0;million
 and U.S. state credit carryforwards of
 $1.9&amp;#xA0;million that will expire from 2018 to 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In general
 under Section&amp;#xA0;382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal
 Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &amp;#x201C;Code&amp;#x201D;)
 a U.S.
 corporation that undergoes an &amp;#x201C;ownership change&amp;#x201D; is
 subject to limitations on its ability to utilize
 its&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-change&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;net
 operating losses (&amp;#x201C;NOLs&amp;#x201D;) or tax credits to offset
 future taxable income. Therefore
 current or future changes in our
 Canadian stock ownership
 many of which are outside of our control
 could result in a U.S. ownership change under Section&amp;#xA0;382 and
 383 of the Code. If we undergo a U.S. ownership change
 our ability
 to utilize U.S. federal or state NOLs or tax credits could be
 limited. We monitor changes in our ownership on an ongoing basis
 and do not believe we had a change of control limitation as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets
 if
 based on the weight of the available evidence
 both positive
 and negative
 for each respective tax jurisdiction
 it is more
 likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
 will not be realized. Due to recent cumulative losses
 it was
 determined in 2016 that it is more likely than not we will not
 realize the benefit of net operating loss carryforwards and other
 net deferred assets in the U.S.
 Canada
 and certain jurisdictions
 within the Eden business. The balance of the valuation allowance
 was $129.1 million and $117.7&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.
 The valuation allowance increase in 2017 was primarily related to
 losses in tax jurisdictions with existing valuation allowances
 but
 this increase was largely offset with valuation allowance
 reductions related to U.S. tax reform and recent acquisitions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Additionally
 we have determined that it is more likely than not
 that the benefit from our capital losses in Canada and Israel will
 not be realized in the future due to the uncertainty regarding
 potential future capital gains in the jurisdiction. In recognition
 of this risk
 we have provided a valuation allowance of $4.5
 million on our capital losses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The Transaction is anticipated to generate a taxable gain on sale
 in the U.S. which could result in a U.S. valuation allowance
 release and recognition of a material income tax benefit within the
 next twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Unrecognized Tax Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of our
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;28.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reductions based on tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlement on tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax rate change&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse in statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current
 period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we had $16.2&amp;#xA0;million of
 unrecognized tax benefits
 a net decrease of $12.4&amp;#xA0;million
 from $28.6&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016. If we
 recognized our tax positions
 approximately $6.2&amp;#xA0;million would
 favorably impact the effective tax rate. We believe it is
 reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will
 decrease or be recognized in the next twelve months by up to
 $3.6&amp;#xA0;million due to the settlement of certain tax positions
 and lapses in statutes of limitation in various tax
 jurisdictions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
 benefits in the provision for income taxes. We recovered nil of
 interest and penalties during the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016. The amount
 of interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets for 2017 and 2016 were a liability of $0.7&amp;#xA0;million and
 $1.8&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Years through 2009 have been audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue
 Service
 though the statutes are still open back to 2008 due to
 certain net operating loss carryforwards. Years prior to 2012 are
 closed to audit by U.S. state jurisdictions. We are currently under
 audit in Canada by the Canada Revenue Agency (&amp;#x201C;CRA&amp;#x201D;)
 for tax years 2013 to 2015. Years prior to 2012 are closed to audit
 by the CRA. We are currently under audit in Israel for the 2013 to
 2015 tax years and in Poland for the 2014 and 2016 tax years.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Impairment and disposal of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 When adverse events occur
 we compare the carrying amount of
 long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
 at the lowest level of independent cash flows for the group of
 long-lived assets and recognize any impairment loss based on
 discounted cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 taking into consideration the timing of testing and the
 asset&amp;#x2019;s remaining useful life. The expected life and value of
 these long-lived assets is based on an evaluation of the
 competitive environment
 history and future prospects as
 appropriate. We did not record impairments of long-lived assets in
 2017 or 2016. As part of normal business operations
 we identify
 long-lived assets that are no longer productive and are disposed.
 Losses on disposals of assets are presented separately in our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations as part of operating income.
 We recognized losses on disposal of property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 equipment
 net of $10.2&amp;#xA0;million for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 ($6.6 million&amp;#x2014;December 31
 2016; $4.2
 million&amp;#x2014;January 2
 2016).&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the
 differences between the financial statement carrying amount of
 assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 using
 currently enacted income tax rates. A valuation allowance is
 established to reduce deferred income tax assets if
 on the basis
 of available evidence
 it is not more likely than not that all or a
 portion of any deferred tax assets will be realized. The
 consideration of available evidence requires significant management
 judgment including an assessment of the future periods in which the
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized and
 projections of future taxable income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets
 related to net
 operating losses
 is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income during the periods prior to their expiration. If our
 estimates and assumptions about future taxable income are not
 appropriate
 the value of our deferred tax assets may not be
 recoverable
 which may result in an increase to our valuation
 allowance that will impact current earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We account for uncertain tax positions using a &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt; process. The first step is to
 evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the
 weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than
 not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including
 resolution of related appeals or litigation processes
 based on the
 technical merits. The second step requires management to estimate
 and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than
 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is
 inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts
 as we
 have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. We
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-evaluate&lt;/font&gt; these
 uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is
 based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or
 circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under
 audit
 and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or
 measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an
 additional charge to the tax provision.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
 benefits within the income tax (benefit) expense line in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and we include
 accrued interest and penalties within the accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities or the prepaid expenses and other current
 assets line in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 5&amp;#x2014;Interest Expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes interest expense
 net for the years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Interest on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;83.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other interest expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;85.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 13&amp;#x2014;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes intangible assets as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intangibles&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Not subject to amortization&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Rights &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;264.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;264.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total intangibles not subject to amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;288.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;288.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;281.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;281.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Subject to amortization&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;583.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;154.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;428.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;552.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Patents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;28.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total intangibles subject to amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;635.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;172.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;462.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;580.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;477.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;924.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;172.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;751.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;861.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;759.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Relates to the 2001 acquisition of
 the Rights.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Amortization expense of intangible assets was $68.6&amp;#xA0;million
 during 2017 (2016 - $53.3&amp;#xA0;million; 2015 - $46.7 million).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The estimated amortization expense for intangible assets subject to
 amortization over the next five years is:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;200.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;462.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 11&amp;#x2014;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes inventories as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;68.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;34.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Resale items&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;127.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt; method
 or net realizable
 value. Returnable bottles are valued at the lower of cost
 deposit
 value or net realizable value. Finished goods and &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; include the
 inventory costs of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing
 overhead costs. As a result
 we use an inventory reserve to adjust
 our inventory costs down to a net realizable value and to reserve
 for estimated obsolescence of both raw materials and finished
 goods.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 10&amp;#x2014;Accounts Receivable
 Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes accounts receivable
 net as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trade receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;275.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;255.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(7.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;285.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;276.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net by geographic area as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;452.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;459.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 All other countries &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;117.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;584.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;581.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;No individual country is greater than
 10% of total property
 plant and equipment as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding revenue
 recognition and created a new Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
 with Customers. The objectives for creating Topic 606 were to
 remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue recognition
 provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues
 provide more useful information to users of the financial
 statements through improved disclosure requirements
 simplify the
 preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of
 requirements to which an entity must refer
 and improve
 comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. The core principle
 of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to
 depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
 an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
 expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To
 achieve the core principle
 an entity should apply the following
 steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 2) identify the
 performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the
 transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the
 performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue
 when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. For
 public entities
 the amendments are effective for annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim
 periods within that reporting period. The amendments may be applied
 retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or
 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying
 the amendment recognized at the date of initial application.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We will adopt this guidance and related amendments as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017. The standard permits the use of either the
 retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company
 has elected the cumulative effect method. We will be required to
 comply with expanded disclosure requirements
 including the
 disaggregation of revenues to depict the nature and uncertainty of
 types of revenues
 contract assets and liabilities
 current period
 revenues previously recorded as a liability
 performance
 obligations
 significant judgments and estimates affecting the
 amount and timing of revenue recognition
 determination of
 transaction prices
 and allocation of transaction prices to
 performance obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 During 2017
 the Company completed its analysis of the impact of
 the standard on its contract types
 and concluded the adoption of
 this standard will not have a material impact on our Consolidated
 Financial Statements. We have also modified current processes and
 controls to apply the requirements of the new standard. We do not
 believe such modifications are material to our internal controls
 over financial reporting.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 lease accounting for lessees and lessors. This update revises
 accounting for operating leases by a lessee
 among other changes
 and requires a lessee to recognize a liability to make lease
 payments and an asset representing its right to use the underlying
 asset for the lease term in the balance sheet. The distinction
 between finance and operating leases has not changed and the update
 does not significantly change the effect of finance and operating
 leases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Additionally
 this update
 requires both qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures.
 For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption
 permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the
 earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard
 on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company is evaluating
 the standard&amp;#x2019;s applicability to our various contractual
 arrangements. We currently believe that the most significant
 changes relate to the recognition of new right of use assets and
 lease liabilities for real estate and equipment leases
 which will
 result in increases to our assets and liabilities on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that substantially all of
 our lessee lease arrangements will continue to be classified as
 operating leases under the new standard.&amp;#xA0;Additionally
 we had
 $19.9&amp;#xA0;million of deferred gains at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 associated with sale-leaseback transactions which are currently
 being amortized over the leaseback term. Upon adoption of this
 standard
 we will be required to recognize the unamortized deferred
 gain at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 as a cumulative effect adjustment to
 equity. In addition
 upon adoption of this standard
 deferred gains
 related to the sale-leaseback transactions completed in 2017 of
 $7.9&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 will be recognized in
 net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The standard also requires lessors to classify leases as
 sales-type
 direct financing or operating leases
 similar to
 existing guidance. We believe that substantially all of our lessor
 lease arrangements will continue to be classified as operating
 leases under the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-13&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Financial Instruments &amp;#x2013; Credit Losses (Topic 326)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In June 2016
 the FASB amended its guidance to measure all expected
 credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based
 on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and
 supportable forecasts. Entities will now use forward-looking
 information to better form their credit loss estimates. The amended
 guidance also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial
 statement users better understand significant estimates and
 judgments used in estimating credit losses
 as well as the credit
 quality and underwriting standards of an entity&amp;#x2019;s portfolio.
 The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim periods
 within those fiscal years. Early adoption will be permitted for
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be
 applied using a prospective or modified retrospective transition
 method
 depending on the area covered in this update. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU 201&lt;/i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;7&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;i&gt;-01 &amp;#x2013; Business
 Combination (Topic 805)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding business
 combinations. The amendment clarified the definition of a business
 with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
 evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
 acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amendments
 provide an analysis of fair value of assets acquired to determine
 when a set of assets is not a business
 and uses more stringent
 criteria related to inputs
 substantive process
 and outputs to
 determine if a business exists. The amendments in this update are
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early
 adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied
 prospectively on or after the effective date with no requirement
 for disclosures at transition.&amp;#xA0;We are currently assessing the
 impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-07&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement pension cost
 and requires the service cost
 component to be presented in the same line item or items as other
 compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent
 employees during the period. The other components of net benefit
 cost are required to be presented in the income statement
 separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal
 of income from operations. The amendments in this update also allow
 only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization
 when applicable. For public entities
 the amendments in this update
 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with
 early adoption permitted. At adoption
 this update will be applied
 retrospectively for the presentation of the service cost component
 and other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement benefit cost in the income statement and
 prospectively
 on or after the effective date
 for the
 capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic
 pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit in assets.
 Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an entity should provide
 disclosures about a change in accounting principle. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-08&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Receivables&amp;#x2014;Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs
 (Subtopic&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;310-20)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance on accounting for debt
 securities. The amendments shorten the amortization period for
 certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest
 call date. The amendments do not require an accounting change for
 securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be
 amortized to maturity. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. If an entity early
 adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should
 be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
 that interim period. At adoption
 this update will be applied using
 a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect
 adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the
 period of adoption. Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an
 entity should provide disclosures about a change in accounting
 principle. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of
 this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Stock Compensation &amp;#x2013; Scope of Modification Accounting (Topic
 718)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the scope of
 modification accounting for share-based compensation arrangements.
 The amendments provide guidance about which changes to the terms or
 conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
 apply modification accounting in Topic 718. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017. Early adoption is
 permitted
 including adoption in any interim period
 for public
 entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have
 not yet been issued. The amendments in this update should be
 applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption
 date. We do not expect adoption of this standard to have a
 significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU 2018-02 &amp;#x2013; Income Statement&amp;#x2014;Reporting
 Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In February 2018
 the FASB amended its guidance which allows a
 reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to
 retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the
 comprehensive tax legislation enacted by the U.S. government on
 December 22
 2017 commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &amp;#x201C;Tax Act&amp;#x201D;) and requires certain disclosures about
 stranded tax effects. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 and may be applied in
 the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which
 the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate in
 the Tax Act is recognized. We are currently assessing the impact of
 adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Recently adopted accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x2013; Inventory (Topic 330)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt; &amp;#x2013; Inventory (Topic 330)
 to simplify the accounting for inventory. The guidance requires
 entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost or net
 realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
 price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably
 predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. The
 Company adopted the provisions of this guidance effective
 January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017
 and applied it prospectively to all periods
 presented. The adoption of this standard did not have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x2013; Intangibles&amp;#x2014;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance&amp;#xA0;regarding
 goodwill impairment. The amendments remove certain conditions of
 the goodwill impairment test and simplify the computation of
 impairment. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim
 periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 for any tests performed after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The amendments
 in this update should be applied prospectively
 with disclosure
 required as to the nature of and reason for the change in
 accounting principle upon transition. In the fourth quarter of
 2017
 the Company early adopted ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04&lt;/font&gt; as part of the annual goodwill
 impairment testing.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 18px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-12&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x2013; Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements
 to Accounting for Hedging Activities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In August 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the
 improvement of accounting for hedging transactions. This new
 standard simplifies and expands the eligible hedging strategies for
 financial and &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-financial&lt;/font&gt; risks. It also enhances
 the transparency of how hedging results are presented and
 disclosed. Further
 the new standard provides partial relief on the
 timing of certain aspects of hedge documentation and eliminates the
 requirement to recognize hedge ineffectiveness separately in
 earnings. The guidance is designed to align hedge accounting with a
 company&amp;#x2019;s risk management activities and simplifies its
 application through targeted improvements by expanding the list of
 items eligible to be hedged and amending the methods used to
 measure the effectiveness of hedging relationships. Additionally it
 prescribes how hedging results should be presented and requires
 incremental disclosures. The amendments in this update are
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has
 early adopted
 in an interim period
 the targeted improvements to
 accounting for hedging activities. The transition date is
 October&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 (&amp;#x201D;Adoption Date&amp;#x201D;). The impacts to
 the Company at the Adoption Date are limited to S&amp;amp;D&amp;#x2019;s
 outstanding coffee futures contracts. Adoption of ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-12&lt;/font&gt; did not result in a cumulative
 adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and did not
 have any other material effect on the results of operations
 financial position or cash flows of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-13&lt;/font&gt;
 &amp;#x2013; Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts
 with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic
 842) &amp;#x2013; Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff
 Announcement at the July&amp;#xA0;20
 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission
 of Prior SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 In August 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance that
 delays the mandatory adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 for
 certain entities
 revises the guidance related to performance-based
 incentive fees in Topic 605 and revises the guidance related to
 leases in Topic 840 and Topic 842. The revisions to the lease
 guidance eliminate language specific to certain sale-leaseback
 arrangements
 guarantees of lease residual assets and loans made by
 lessees to owner-lessors. Also included is an amendment to Topic
 842 to retain the guidance in Topic 840 covering the impact of
 changes in tax rates on investments in leveraged leases. This
 standard
 which is effective immediately
 generally relates to the
 adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 and did not have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 4&amp;#x2014;Other (Income) Expense
 Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes other (income) expense
 net for the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Foreign exchange (gains) losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Realized commodity hedging gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Unrealized commodity hedging loss (gain)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other losses (gains)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The minimum annual payments under operating leases are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;45.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;39.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;32.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;26.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;98.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Pension costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We record annual amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans
 based on calculations
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates and assumed rates of return on plan assets
 depending on the pension plan. Material changes in pension costs
 may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future
 annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
 changes in the level of contributions to the plans and other
 factors. The funded status is the difference between the fair value
 of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Future actuarial gains
 or losses that are not recognized as net periodic benefits cost in
 the same periods will be recognized as a component of other
 comprehensive income.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 16&amp;#x2014;Retirement Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The Company maintains certain defined contribution
 (&amp;#x201C;DC&amp;#x201D;) retirement plans covering qualifying employees.
 The total expense with respect to these DC plans was
 $2.0&amp;#xA0;million for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 (2016&amp;#x2014;$4.7&amp;#xA0;million; 2015&amp;#x2014;$4.5 million).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The Company also maintains several defined benefit
 (&amp;#x201C;DB&amp;#x201D;) plans acquired as a part of acquisitions
 covering certain U.S. and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;employees
 referred to as the U.S. and International Plans
 respectively.
 Retirement benefits are based on years of service multiplied by a
 monthly benefit factor. Pension costs are funded in accordance with
 the provisions of the applicable law. Our U.S. Plan is closed to
 new participants and frozen. The Company uses a December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 measurement date for all DB plans. Any variation differences
 based on one day of trading are deemed immaterial.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In the third quarter of 2017
 our Eden business relocated its
 corporate headquarters from Switzerland to Spain
 which resulted in
 the dismissal or relocation of
 certain&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;employees
 of the International Plans. As a result of the dismissal or
 relocation of the certain&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;employees
 we recorded a gain
 on pension curtailment of approximately $4.5&amp;#xA0;million to
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Obligations and Funded Status&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table summarizes the change in the projected benefit
 obligation
 change in plan assets and unfunded status of the DB
 plans as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Projected Benefit Obligation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlement gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Curtailment gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Plan Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan assets beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employer contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan participant contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Curtailment losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Funded Status of Plan&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(8.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(12.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Projected Benefit Obligation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlement gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Plan Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan assets beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employer contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan participant contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Funded Status of Plan&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(30.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans equaled
 $8.4&amp;#xA0;million and $8.3&amp;#xA0;million at the end of 2017 and
 2016
 respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the
 International Plans equaled $12.8&amp;#xA0;million and
 $30.5&amp;#xA0;million at the end of 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Periodic Pension Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The components of net periodic pension cost were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized net loss due to settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Curtailment gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employees contribution&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized net loss due to settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employees contribution&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of
 tax
 at&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;which have
 not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(16.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(16.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unamortized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Actuarial Assumptions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;U.S. Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;International Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increase&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 CPI Inflation factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;U.S. Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;International Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inflation factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The Company utilizes a yield curve analysis to determine the
 discount rates for its DB plan obligations. The yield curve
 considers pricing and yield information for high quality corporate
 bonds with maturities matched to estimated payouts of future
 pension benefits. The Company evaluates its assumption regarding
 the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets based on
 historical experience
 future expectations of investment returns
 asset allocations
 and its investment strategy. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 long-term rate of return on plan assets reflect expectations of
 projected weighted average market returns of plan assets. Changes
 in expected returns on plan assets also reflect any adjustments to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s targeted asset allocation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Asset Mix&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Our DB plans weighted-average asset allocations by asset category
 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;U.S. Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;61.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;38.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;International Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;64.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;29.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Plan Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Our investment policy is that plan assets will be managed utilizing
 an investment philosophy and approach characterized by all of the
 following
 listed in priority order: (1)&amp;#xA0;emphasis on total
 return
 (2)&amp;#xA0;emphasis on high-quality securities
 (3)&amp;#xA0;sufficient income and stability of income
 (4)&amp;#xA0;safety
 of principal with limited volatility of capital through proper
 diversification and (5)&amp;#xA0;sufficient liquidity. The target
 allocation percentages for the U.S. Plans&amp;#x2019; assets range
 between 55% to 65% in equity securities and 35% to 45% in fixed
 income investments. The target allocation percentages for the
 International Plans&amp;#x2019; assets range between 50% to 80% in
 equity securities
 20% to 50% in fixed income investments
 0% to
 30% in real estate and 0% to 15% in alternative investments. None
 of our equity or debt securities are included in plan assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Cash Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We expect to contribute $0.8&amp;#xA0;million to the DB plans during
 the 2018 fiscal year.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following benefit payments are expected to be paid in the
 periods indicated below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expected benefit payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2023 through FY 2027&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s U.S. plan assets are
 measured daily at their net asset value and valued at
 $7.1&amp;#xA0;million and $6.2&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s International plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;equity
 securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fixed income:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;bonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance contract&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Real estate:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and cash equivalents:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;equity
 securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fixed income:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;bonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance contract&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Real estate:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes property
 plant and equipment
 net
 as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Depreciation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Depreciation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;n/a&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;82.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;82.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;10-40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;88.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;74.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;5-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;142.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;53.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;88.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Plates
 films and molds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;1-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Vehicles and transportation equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;87.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;41.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;46.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;85.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Leasehold improvements &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;34.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 IT Systems&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Furniture and fixtures&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer equipment &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;303.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;90.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;212.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;255.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;193.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Returnable bottles &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;51.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;35.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Capital leases &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;4&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;821.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;236.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;584.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;742.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;581.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements are amortized
 over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related
 lease life.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Customer equipment for the Route
 Based Services reporting segment consists of coolers
 brewers
 refrigerators
 water purification devices and storage racks held on
 site at customer locations.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;3.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Returnable bottles are those bottles
 on site at Route Based Services customer locations.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;4.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Our recorded assets under capital
 leases relate to machinery and equipment
 IT systems
 customer
 equipment and vehicles and transportation equipment.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation. Depreciation is allocated between cost of sales and
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses and is determined using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
 over the remaining life of the lease or useful life of the asset
 whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
 operating expense when incurred.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 12&amp;#x2014;Property
 Plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Equipment
 Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes property
 plant and equipment
 net
 as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=51%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;br /&gt;
 in Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Depreciation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Depreciation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Land&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;n/a&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;82.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;82.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;82.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;10-40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;88.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;74.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;5-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;142.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;53.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;88.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;120.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;89.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Plates
 films and molds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;1-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Vehicles and transportation equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;87.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;41.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;46.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;85.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Leasehold improvements &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;34.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 IT Systems&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Furniture and fixtures&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer equipment &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;303.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;90.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;212.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;255.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;193.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Returnable bottles &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;3-5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;51.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;35.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;54.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Capital leases &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;4&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;821.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;236.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;584.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;742.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;160.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;581.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Leasehold improvements are amortized
 over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related
 lease life.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Customer equipment for the Route
 Based Services reporting segment consists of coolers
 brewers
 refrigerators
 water purification devices and storage racks held on
 site at customer locations.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;3.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Returnable bottles are those bottles
 on site at Route Based Services customer locations.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;4.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Our recorded assets under capital
 leases relate to machinery and equipment
 IT systems
 customer
 equipment and vehicles and transportation equipment.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:1px;margin-top:12px;margin-bottom:0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The amounts above include construction in progress of
 $11.3&amp;#xA0;million and $3.0&amp;#xA0;million for 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Depreciation expense
 which includes depreciation recorded for
 assets under capital leases
 for the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 was $120.0&amp;#xA0;million (2016 - $97.8&amp;#xA0;million; 2015 -
 $81.6 million).&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the amounts reclassified from AOCI
 to total net income (loss) for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=22%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected&amp;#xA0;Line&amp;#xA0;Item&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;in&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;Statement Where&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net Income Is&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Presented&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Details About&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 68.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;AOCI Components&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gains and losses on derivative instruments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign currency and commodity hedges&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Cost&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;sales&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Total&amp;#xA0;before&amp;#xA0;taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 Tax&amp;#xA0;(expense)&amp;#xA0;or&amp;#xA0;benefit&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of pension benefit plan items&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service costs &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (losses)/gains &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Total before taxes&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Tax (expense) or benefit&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total reclassifications for the period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Net of tax&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;These AOCI components are included in
 the computation of net periodic pension cost.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 21&amp;#x2014;Quarterly Financial Information
 (unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 182.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;536.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;580.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;580.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;571.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
269.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;268.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;293.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;288.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;292.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
142.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;268.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;287.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;292.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;279.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
127.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;255.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;260.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;262.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;264.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
042.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss (gain) on disposal of property plant and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition and integration expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;27.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;48.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 net of income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(24.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(17.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;43.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Net income attributable to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interests -
 discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(36.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(24.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;42.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Per share data:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to Cott
 Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.19&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.15&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.29&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.05&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.26&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.18&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.30&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.12&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.19&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.15&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.29&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.05&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.26&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.18&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.30&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.12&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 182.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;140.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;262.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;773.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;164.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;163.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;806.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition and integration expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(54.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(60.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Net income attributable to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interests -
 discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(79.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(77.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Per share data:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.08&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.08&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reconciliation of Segment Assets to Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 164.2pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Segment assets &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3
006.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
921.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assets of discontinued operations &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
086.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
018.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4
093.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
939.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Changes in consolidated accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
 income (&amp;#x201C;AOCI&amp;#x201D;) by component for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 93.95pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains&amp;#xA0;and&amp;#xA0;Losses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;on&amp;#xA0;Derivative&lt;br /&gt;
 Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Benefit&lt;br /&gt;
 Plan&amp;#xA0;Items&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Currency&lt;br /&gt;
 Translation&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustment&amp;#xA0;Items&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(51.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 OCI before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period OCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchase of subsidiary shares from &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(76.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 OCI before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(35.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period OCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(42.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(41.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(103.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 OCI before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from AOCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period OCI&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(76.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(94.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 6pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All amounts are net of tax.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes anti-dilutive securities excluded
 from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per common share
 for the periods indicated:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 48.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5
006&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Performance-based RSUs &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
235&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
070&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
631&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Time-based RSUs &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;493&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Performance-based RSUs represent the
 number of shares expected to be issued based on the estimated
 achievement of &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;
 income for these awards.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Time-based RSUs represent the number
 of shares expected to be issued based on known employee retention
 information.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(33.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(20.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(33.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(30.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;Revenues generated from sales to external customers by
 geographic area were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
709.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
299.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
085.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United Kingdom&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;160.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;61.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 All other countries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;338.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;132.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
269.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We recognize revenue
 net of sales returns
 when ownership passes
 to customers for products manufactured in our own plants and/or by
 third-parties on our behalf
 and when prices to our customers are
 fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. This
 may be upon shipment of goods or upon delivery to the customer
 depending on contractual terms. Shipping and handling costs paid by
 the customer to us are included in revenue. Although we
 occasionally accept returns of products from our customers
 historically returns have not been material.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We also recognize rental income on filtration
 brewers and
 dispensing equipment at customer locations based on the terms of
 the related rental agreements
 which are generally measured based
 on &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;28-day&lt;/font&gt; periods. Amounts
 billed to customers for rental in future periods are deferred and
 included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trade payables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;197.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;185.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;47.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued sales incentives&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued interest&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Payroll
 sales and other taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Accrued deposits&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;66.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;62.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;412.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;368.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Our total debt as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 was as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unamortized&lt;br /&gt;
 Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Unamortized&lt;br /&gt;
 Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 6.750% senior notes due in 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 10.000% senior notes due in 2021&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;269.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;269.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.375% senior notes due in 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2024&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;539.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;529.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;464.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2025&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;750.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;739.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ABL facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 GE Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other debt financing&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
313.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;26.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
287.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
225.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
199.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Short-term borrowings and current debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 ABL facility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total short-term borrowings required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;220.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;207.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 GE Term Loan - current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other debt financing&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital leases -current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total current debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;225.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;225.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Debt required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
 divestiture&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 6.750% senior notes due in 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;625.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 5.375% senior notes due in 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;525.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 GE Term Loan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as
 part of divestiture&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
152.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
135.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
563.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
542.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;861.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The outstanding aggregate principal
 amount and unamortized premium of our DSS Notes was
 $250.0&amp;#xA0;million and $19.9&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 and $350.0&amp;#xA0;million and $34.2&amp;#xA0;million at
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities were recognized on
 temporary differences between the financial and tax bases of
 existing assets and liabilities as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net operating loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;181.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;204.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforwards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Liabilities and reserves&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;35.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;267.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;298.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(69.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(104.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(165.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(231.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(234.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(336.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(129.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Net deferred tax liability&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(96.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(155.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the change in the projected benefit
 obligation
 change in plan assets and unfunded status of the DB
 plans as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Projected Benefit Obligation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlement gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Curtailment gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Plan Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan assets beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employer contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan participant contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Curtailment losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Funded Status of Plan&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(8.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(12.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Projected Benefit Obligation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlement gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Change in Plan Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan assets beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Business combinations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employer contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan participant contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit payments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actual return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Translation losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Funded Status of Plan&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(30.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unfunded status&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The location and amount of gains or losses recognized in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for cash flow hedging
 relationships relationship
 presented on a &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;pre-tax&lt;/font&gt; basis
 for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 is shown in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;For&amp;#xA0;the&amp;#xA0;year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash
 flow hedges are recorded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
142.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Gain on cash flow hedging relationship&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gain reclassfied from AOCI into income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 derivatives by contract type for the period indicated:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 68.15pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Derivative Contract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The fair value of the coffee futures
 excludes amounts in the related margin accounts. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 the aggregate
 margin account balances were $5.3&amp;#xA0;million and
 $9.2&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively and are included in cash&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 cash equivalents on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the numerator and
 denominator for the diluted net (loss) income per common share
 computations for the periods indicated:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Numerator (in millions):&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(60.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(77.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Denominator (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;139
078&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basic Earnings Per Share:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Denominator (in thousands):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;139
078&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dilutive effect of Stock Options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dilutive effect of Performance based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dilutive effect of Time-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;139
078&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;103
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Diluted Earnings Per Share:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The estimated amortization expense for intangible assets subject to
 amortization over the next five years is:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;200.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;462.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes our goodwill on a reporting segment
 basis as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reporting Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Based&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td colspan=2 valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Balance January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;579.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;439.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
048.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Adjustments &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;936.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
104.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=2% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route
 Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions segments
 in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;amp;D (see Note 3
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes
 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(29.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(25.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income
 taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(33.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(39.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes inventories as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Raw materials&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;68.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;34.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Resale items&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;127.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;124.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The long-term debt payments (which include current maturities of
 long-term debt) required in each of the next five years and
 thereafter are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Long&amp;#xA0;Term&amp;#xA0;Debt&lt;br /&gt;
 (incl. current)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;225.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;250.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;525.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
289.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
293.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of
 tax
 at &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;year-end&lt;/font&gt; which
 have not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(16.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(16.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=12&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unamortized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 Performance-&lt;br /&gt;
 based RSUs&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant-Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Time-based&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 RSUs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Grant-Date&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fair Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
782&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded in connection with modification&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.90&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Issued&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.87&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.60&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.67&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Balance at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
878&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;827&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;835&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded in connection with acquisitions &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.81&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;514&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.52&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Issued &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cancelled&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(224&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
063&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.89&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;135&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Awarded in connection with modification&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Issued&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(320&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(409&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.55&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(143&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
899&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;502&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested or expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;493&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.13&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Represents shares that were awarded
 to Eden and S&amp;amp;D employees in connection with the Eden
 Acquisition and S&amp;amp;D Acquisition.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes 416
951 common shares
 granted to certain S&amp;amp;D employees in connection with the S&amp;amp;D
 Acquisition; the common shares were fully vested upon
 issuance.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes accounts receivable
 net as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=13%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trade receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;275.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;255.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(7.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;285.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;276.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The carrying values and estimated fair values of our significant
 outstanding debt as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 6.750% senior notes due in 2020 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;615.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;647.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 10.000% senior notes due in 2021 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;269.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;283.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;384.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;383.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 5.375% senior notes due in 2022 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;519.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;539.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;517.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;534.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2024 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;529.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;574.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;464.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;505.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 5.500% senior notes due in 2025 &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1
 3&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;739.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;759.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
057.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
156.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
982.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
071.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;The fair values were based on the
 trading levels and bid/offer prices observed by a market
 participant and are considered Level&amp;#xA0;2 financial
 instruments.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Includes unamortized premium of
 $19.9&amp;#xA0;million and $34.2&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;3.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Carrying value of our significant
 outstanding debt is net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 (see Note 15 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s International plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt; equity
 securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fixed income:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt; bonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance contract&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Real estate:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Cash and cash equivalents:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Mutual funds:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt; equity
 securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Fixed income:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt; bonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Insurance contract&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&lt;u&gt;Real estate:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The major components of net income (loss) from discontinued
 operations
 net of income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Operations include the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
637.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
658.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
799.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
428.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
434.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
554.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income from discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;49.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;81.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss from discontinued operations
 before income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(20.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(31.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Net income attributable to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interests&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss) attributable to Cott Corporation &amp;#x2013;
 discontinued operations &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The Transaction is anticipated to
 result in a gain on sale which led to certain U.S. deferred tax
 liabilities being considered as a source of future taxable income.
 As a result
 we recognized a tax benefit of approximately
 $26.9&amp;#xA0;million related to a corresponding U.S. valuation
 allowance release.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Net income (loss) attributable to
 Cott Corporation - discontinued operations is inclusive of interest
 expense on short-term borrowings and debt required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture of $49.5 million for the year
 ended December 30
 2017 (December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 - $81.2 million;
 January 2
 2016 - $80.9 million).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations presented in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 include the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;66.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;143.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;191.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;176.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current assets of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;408.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;351.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;350.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;348.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;136.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;127.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;176.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;180.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Long-term assets of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;677.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;666.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;LIABILITIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;294.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Current liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;295.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;43.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Long-term liabilities of discontinued operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;45.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Revenues by channel by reporting segment were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Home and office bottled water delivery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;990.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;990.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee and tea services&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;184.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;501.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;688.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;166.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;65.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;232.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;160.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;100.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;97.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;358.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
501.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;602.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;165.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
269.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&lt;br /&gt;
 Tea and&lt;br /&gt;
 Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Home and office bottled water delivery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;799.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;799.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee and tea services&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;146.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;187.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;337.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;164.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
224.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&lt;br /&gt;
 Tea and&lt;br /&gt;
 Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Home and office bottled water delivery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;651.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;651.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee and tea services&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;104.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
021.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 182.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;536.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;580.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;580.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;571.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
269.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;268.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;293.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;288.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;292.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
142.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;268.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;287.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;292.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;279.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
127.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;255.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;260.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;262.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;264.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
042.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss (gain) on disposal of property plant and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition and integration expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;27.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;48.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(10.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 net of income taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(24.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(17.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;43.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Net income attributable to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interests -
 discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(36.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(24.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;42.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Per share data:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to Cott
 Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.19&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.15&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.29&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.05&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.26&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.18&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.30&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.12&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.07&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.03&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.19&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.15&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.29&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.05&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.02&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.26&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.18&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.30&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.12&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.01&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 182.6pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except per share amounts)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;305.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;320.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;476.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cost of sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;140.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;141.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;229.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;262.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;773.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;164.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;179.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;850.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;159.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;163.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;258.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;806.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Acquisition and integration expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income (loss) from continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(54.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(60.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(23.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Net income attributable to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-controlling&lt;/font&gt; interests -
 discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(79.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(77.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Per share data:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cott Corporation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.08&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Continuing operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.47&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.03&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.08&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.01&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.14&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 7em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.06&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.02&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.61&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Operating lease expenses were:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;54.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;32.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Year ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;107.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the share-based compensation expense for
 the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Performance-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Time-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Director share awards&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee Share Purchase Plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Includes $5.4 million
 $2.4 million
 and $2.7 million of share-based compensation expense from our
 discontinued operations
 which were included in net income (loss)
 from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December
 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table reconciles income taxes calculated at the basic
 Canadian corporate rates with the income tax provision:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense based on Canadian statutory rates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(8.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign tax rate differential&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Local taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Nontaxable interest income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(11.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Impact of intercompany transactions and dividends&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(9.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Nontaxable capital gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Dividend income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in enacted tax rates&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(32.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;45.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Permanent differences&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Adjustments to deferred taxes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other items&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax (benefit) expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(30.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following benefit payments are expected to be paid in the
 periods indicated below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expected benefit payments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2022&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 FY 2023 through FY 2027&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The components of net periodic pension cost were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized net loss due to settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Curtailment gain&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employees contribution&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(0.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of prior service costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized net loss due to settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of net actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employees contribution&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;U.S.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;International&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes other (income) expense
 net for the
 years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Foreign exchange (gains) losses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Realized commodity hedging gains&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Unrealized commodity hedging loss (gain)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other losses (gains)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
501.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;602.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;165.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;158.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;77.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(45.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;482.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;89.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;936.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;117.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;50.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
104.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;564.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;110.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;75.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;751.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total segment assets &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
343.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;455.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;207.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;99.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All Other includes $41.1&amp;#xA0;million
 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Excludes intersegment receivables
 investments and notes receivable.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;millions&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;U.S.&amp;#xA0;dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Based&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
 Tea&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
224.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;480.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;581.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
048.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;569.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;759.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total segment assets &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
287.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;463.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
921.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All Other includes $37.4&amp;#xA0;million
 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Excludes intersegment receivables
 investments and notes receivable.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
021.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(29.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All Other includes $36.8&amp;#xA0;million
 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the activity for Company stock
 options:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=55%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Options&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 average&lt;br /&gt;
 contractual&amp;#xA0;term&lt;br /&gt;
 (years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 intrinsic&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;value&lt;br /&gt;
 (in&amp;#xA0;thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#xA0;3
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
221&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;400.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.22&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.94&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;637.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited or expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(35&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.56&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
757&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
373.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
976&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.15&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(238&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.29&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
304.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited or expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.99&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.32&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
623.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;734&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(169&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
092.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited or expired&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Outstanding at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
952.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Exercisable at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
402&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.74&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
647.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Vested or expected to vest at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
006&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.41&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;26
952.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The grant date fair value of each option granted during 2017
 2016
 and 2015 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing model with the following weighted-average
 assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Risk-free interest rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Average expected life (years)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected volatility&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected dividend yield&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;SCHEDULE II&amp;#x2014;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
 ACCOUNTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reduction&lt;br /&gt;
 in Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
 to Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&lt;br /&gt;
 at&amp;#xA0;End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reserves deducted in the balance sheet from the asset to which
 they apply&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Allowances for losses on:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(17.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(129.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(125.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(34.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(138.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reduction&lt;br /&gt;
 in&amp;#xA0;Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
 to Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&lt;br /&gt;
 at&amp;#xA0;End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reserves deducted in the balance sheet from the asset to which
 they apply&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Allowances for losses on:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(61.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(55.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(117.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(73.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(44.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(125.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=52%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=22 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reduction&lt;br /&gt;
 in&amp;#xA0;Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;Costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and&amp;#xA0;Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Charged&lt;br /&gt;
 to Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&lt;br /&gt;
 at&amp;#xA0;End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reserves deducted in the balance sheet from the asset to which
 they apply&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Allowances for losses on:&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivables&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Deductions primarily represent
 uncollectible accounts written off.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts charged to other accounts
 include $27.3&amp;#xA0;million and $23.8&amp;#xA0;million of valuation
 allowances recorded through purchase accounting during 2016 related
 to the Aquaterra Acquisition and Eden Acquisition
 respectively.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The fair value of the coffee futures assets and liabilities which
 are shown on a net basis are reconciled in the table below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=15%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee futures liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes intangible assets as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=58%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cost&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accumulated&lt;br /&gt;
 Amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intangibles&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Not subject to amortization&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Rights &lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Trademarks&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;264.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;264.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total intangibles not subject to amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;288.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;288.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;281.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;281.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Subject to amortization&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;583.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;154.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;428.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;552.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;458.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Patents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;28.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;20.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total intangibles subject to amortization&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;635.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;172.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;462.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;580.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;477.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;924.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;172.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;751.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;861.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;102.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;759.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=line-height:8.0pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:2pt;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;width:10%&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 width=100%&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid&gt;
 &lt;td width=4% valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=font-size:85%; vertical-align:top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td align=left valign=top&gt;Relates to the 2001 acquisition of
 the Rights.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 the unrecognized share-based
 compensation expense and weighted average years over which we
 expect to recognize it as compensation expense were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=21%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=21%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 137.3pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars
 except years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Unrecognized&amp;#xA0;share-based&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 compensation&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;as&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0; 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;average&amp;#xA0;years&lt;br /&gt;
 expected&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;recognize&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Performance-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Time-based RSUs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 We record all other expenses not charged to production as SG&amp;amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are expensed at the commencement of an
 advertising campaign and are recognized as a component of SG&amp;amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are not significant to any reporting
 segment other than Route Based Services. Advertising costs expensed
 were approximately $21.6 million
 $20.8&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 $18.0&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 9&amp;#x2014;Segment Reporting&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Our broad portfolio of products include bottled water
 coffee
 brewed tea
 water dispensers
 coffee and tea brewers
 speciality
 coffee
 liquid coffee or tea concentrate
 single cup coffee
 cold
 brewed coffee
 iced blend coffee or tea beverages
 blended teas
 hot tea
 sparkling tea
 coffee or tea extract solutions
 filtration
 equipment
 hot chocolate
 soups
 malt drinks
 creamers/whiteners
 cereals
 beverage concentrates and mineral water.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four
 reporting segments: Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our
 DSS
 Aquaterra
 Eden and S&amp;amp;D businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott U.K. and All Other (which included our Mexico and RCI
 operating segments).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 During the third quarter of 2017
 we reviewed our reporting
 segments as a result of the Transaction. Following such review
 we
 reorganized our reporting segments into three reporting segments:
 Route Based Services (which includes our DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden
 businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions (which includes our
 S&amp;amp;D business) and All Other (which includes our Aimia
 Decantae
 and RCI concentrate businesses
 our Columbus
 Georgia
 manufacturing facility and other miscellaneous expenses). Our
 corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment. This
 function includes certain general and administrative costs that are
 not allocated to any of the reporting segments. Our segment
 reporting results have been recast to reflect these changes for all
 periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
501.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;602.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;165.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
269.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;158.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;188.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;77.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(45.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;48.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;482.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;89.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;584.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;936.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;117.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;50.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
104.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;564.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;110.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;75.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;751.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total segment assets &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
343.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;455.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;207.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
006.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;99.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All Other includes $41.1&amp;#xA0;million
 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Excludes intersegment receivables
 investments and notes receivable.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in&amp;#xA0;millions&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;U.S.&amp;#xA0;dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Based&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
 Tea&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
224.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;136.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;151.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating income (loss)&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(45.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;480.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;91.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;581.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
048.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;569.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;759.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total segment assets &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
287.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;463.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
921.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;87.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All Other includes $37.4&amp;#xA0;million
 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;2.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Excludes intersegment receivables
 investments and notes receivable.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=18 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Corporate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Revenue
 net &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
021.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Operating (loss) income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(29.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions to property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;66.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;All Other includes $36.8&amp;#xA0;million
 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=12%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Reconciliation of Segment Assets to Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 164.2pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Segment assets &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3
006.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
921.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Assets of discontinued operations &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
086.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
018.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;4
093.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
939.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Credit risk arises from the potential default of a customer in
 meeting its financial obligations to us. Concentrations of credit
 exposure may arise with a group of customers that have similar
 economic characteristics or that are located in the same geographic
 region. The ability of such customers to meet obligations would be
 similarly affected by changing economic
 political or other
 conditions. We are not currently aware of any facts that would
 create a material credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Our Traditional Business experienced some customer concentration.
 Following the closing of the Transaction on January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 we have limited customer concentration
 of which no customer
 accounts for more than 10% of our net revenues.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Revenues are attributed to countries based on location of customer.
 Revenues generated from sales to external customers by geographic
 area were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
709.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
299.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
085.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United Kingdom&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;160.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;130.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;101.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;61.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 All other countries&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;338.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;132.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
269.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Revenues by channel by reporting segment were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;br /&gt;
 and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Home and office bottled water delivery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;990.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;990.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee and tea services&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;184.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;501.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;688.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;166.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;65.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;232.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;160.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;100.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;97.9&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;358.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
501.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;602.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;165.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2
269.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&lt;br /&gt;
 Tea and&lt;br /&gt;
 Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Home and office bottled water delivery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;799.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;799.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee and tea services&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;146.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;187.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;337.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;164.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;216.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;116.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;270.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
224.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;170.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
623.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;br /&gt;
 Based&lt;br /&gt;
 Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Coffee
&lt;br /&gt;
 Tea and&lt;br /&gt;
 Extract&lt;br /&gt;
 Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&lt;br /&gt;
 Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;&lt;u&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Home and office bottled water delivery&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;651.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;651.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Coffee and tea services&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;121.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retail&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;149.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;61.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;211.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;104.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;203.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
021.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;166.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
187.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment
 net by geographic area as of
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 United States&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;452.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;459.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Canada&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 All other countries &lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;117.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;108.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;584.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;581.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; WIDTH: 10%; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 85%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;No individual country is greater than
 10% of total property
 plant and equipment as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 1&amp;#x2014;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basis of presentation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;) using the U.S. dollar as the reporting
 currency
 as the majority of our business and the majority of our
 shareowners are in the United States.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four
 reporting segments
 Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our
 DS Services of America
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;DSS&amp;#x201D;)
 Aquaterra
 Corporation (&amp;#x201C;Aquaterra&amp;#x201D;)
 Eden Springs Europe B.V.
 (&amp;#x201C;Eden&amp;#x201D;) and S. &amp;amp; D. Coffee
 Inc.
 (&amp;#x201C;S&amp;amp;D&amp;#x201D;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott
 United Kingdom (&amp;#x201C;Cott U.K.&amp;#x201D;) and All Other (which
 included our Mexico and Royal Crown International
 (&amp;#x201C;RCI&amp;#x201D;) operating segments).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 During the third quarter of 2017
 we reviewed our reporting
 segments as a result of the Transaction (as defined below).
 Following such review
 we reorganized our reporting segments into
 three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our
 DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract
 Solutions (which includes our S&amp;amp;D business) and All Other
 (which includes our Aimia Foods (&amp;#x201C;Aimia&amp;#x201D;) and Decantae
 Mineral Water Ltd. (&amp;#x201C;Decantae&amp;#x201D;) business
 our RCI
 concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility
 and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have
 been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our
 corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment; it
 includes certain general and administrative costs that are not
 allocated to any of the reporting segments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 For the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 we had 52 weeks of activity. For the year
 ended January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 we had four additional shipping days in
 our Route Based Services reporting segment
 which we estimate
 contributed $12.5&amp;#xA0;million of additional revenue and
 $0.1&amp;#xA0;million of additional operating income for the year ended
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Basis of consolidation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts
 our
 wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures
 that we control. All intercompany transactions and accounts have
 been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Discontinued Operations&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;24
 2017
 we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
 with Refresco Group N.V.
 a Dutch public company
 (&amp;#x201C;Refresco&amp;#x201D;)
 pursuant to which we sold to Refresco
 on
 January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 our carbonated soft drinks
 (&amp;#x201C;CSDs&amp;#x201D;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North
 America
 United Kingdom (&amp;#x201C;U.K.&amp;#x201D;) and Mexico business
 units (including the Canadian business) and our RCI finished goods
 export business (collectively
 &amp;#x201C;Traditional Business&amp;#x201D;
 and such transaction
 the &amp;#x201C;Transaction&amp;#x201D;). The
 Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian
 business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries
 engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions
 after we completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate deal
 consideration was $1.25&amp;#xA0;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other
 customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the
 sale of the Traditional Business representing a strategic shift and
 having a major effect on our operations
 the Traditional Business
 is presented herein as discontinued operations. The Traditional
 Business excludes our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI
 concentrate businesses and our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing
 facility.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 For all periods presented
 the operating results associated with
 the Traditional Business have been reclassified into net income
 (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and the assets and
 liabilities associated with this business have been reflected as
 current and long-term assets and liabilities of discontinued
 operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash flows from the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s discontinued operations are presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented.
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on a
 continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In the Form&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;10-Q&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;for the three
 and nine months ended September&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 the Company
 originally reported the $525.0&amp;#xA0;million of 5.375% senior notes
 due 2022 (the &amp;#x201C;2022 Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 the $625.0&amp;#xA0;million of
 6.75% senior notes due 2020 (the &amp;#x201C;2020 Notes&amp;#x201D;)
 the
 asset-based lending facility (the &amp;#x201C;ABL facility&amp;#x201D;) and
 certain other debt as liabilities of discontinued
 operations.&amp;#xA0;However
 since Refresco did not assume the debt
 upon closing of the sale of the Traditional Business
 these items
 should not have been classified as discontinued
 operations.&amp;#xA0;Management has evaluated this misclassification
 and determined the amounts are not material to the previously
 issued financial statements.&amp;#xA0;The 2022 Notes
 the 2020 Notes
 and certain other debt are presented as &amp;#x201C;Debt required to be
 repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&amp;#x201D; and the ABL
 facility is presented as &amp;#x201C;Short-term borrowings required to
 be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&amp;#x201D; on the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
 financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates. The Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates
 and assumptions that
 in the opinion of management
 were
 significant to the underlying amounts representing the future
 valuation of intangible assets
 long-lived assets and goodwill
 realization of deferred income tax assets
 the resolution of tax
 contingencies and projected benefit plan obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Revenue recognition&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We recognize revenue
 net of sales returns
 when ownership passes
 to customers for products manufactured in our own plants and/or by
 third-parties on our behalf
 and when prices to our customers are
 fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. This
 may be upon shipment of goods or upon delivery to the customer
 depending on contractual terms. Shipping and handling costs paid by
 the customer to us are included in revenue. Although we
 occasionally accept returns of products from our customers
 historically returns have not been material.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We also recognize rental income on filtration
 brewers and
 dispensing equipment at customer locations based on the terms of
 the related rental agreements
 which are generally measured based
 on&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;28-day&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;periods.
 Amounts billed to customers for rental in future periods are
 deferred and included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Sales incentives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We participate in various incentive programs with our customers
 including volume-based incentives
 contractual rebates and
 promotional allowances. Volume incentives are based on our
 customers achieving volume targets for a period of time. Volume
 incentives and contractual rebates are deducted from revenue and
 accrued as the incentives are earned and are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of the total the customer is expected
 to earn and claim. Promotional allowances are accrued at the time
 of revenue recognition and are deducted from revenue based on
 either the volume shipped or the volume sold at the retailer
 location
 depending on the terms of the allowance. We regularly
 review customer sales forecasts to ensure volume targets will be
 met and adjust incentive accruals and revenues accordingly.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We record costs associated with the manufacturing of our products
 in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to store
 prepare and move products between production facilities or from
 production facilities to branch locations or storage facilities are
 recorded in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to
 deliver products from our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segment branch locations to
 the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;end-user&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;consumer of
 those products are recorded in selling
 general and administrative
 (&amp;#x201C;SG&amp;amp;A&amp;#x201D;) expenses. All other costs incurred in
 shipment of products from our production facilities to customer
 locations are reflected in cost of sales. Shipping and handling
 costs included in SG&amp;amp;A were $440.8&amp;#xA0;million
 $360.4&amp;#xA0;million
 and $281.9&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively. Finished goods inventory costs include the cost
 of direct labor and materials and the applicable share of overhead
 expense chargeable to production.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Selling
 general and administrative expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We record all other expenses not charged to production as SG&amp;amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are expensed at the commencement of an
 advertising campaign and are recognized as a component of SG&amp;amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are not significant to any reporting
 segment other than Route Based Services. Advertising costs expensed
 were approximately $21.6 million
 $20.8&amp;#xA0;million
 and
 $18.0&amp;#xA0;million for the years ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Share-based compensation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We have in effect equity incentive plans under which Time-based
 RSUs
 Performance-based RSUs
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;stock
 options and director share awards have been granted (as such terms
 are defined in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements).
 Share-based compensation expense for all share-based compensation
 awards is based on the grant-date fair value. We recognized these
 compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite
 service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of
 three years
 and account for forfeitures when they occur. The fair
 value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based
 RSUs and director share awards are based on the closing market
 price of its common shares on the date of grant as stated on the
 NYSE. We estimate the fair value of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-qualified&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;options
 as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. This model considers
 among other factors
 the expected life
 of the award
 the expected volatility of the Company&amp;#x2019;s share
 price
 and expected dividends. The Company records share-based
 compensation expense in SG&amp;amp;A expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based
 compensation are recognized in results of operations at settlement
 or expiration of the award. The excess tax benefit or deficiency is
 calculated as the difference between the grant date price and the
 price of our common shares on the vesting or exercise date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments
 with original maturities not exceeding three months at the time of
 purchase. The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 approximate the amounts shown on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
 due to their short-term nature.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 A portion of our accounts receivable is not expected to be
 collected due to&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-payment
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;bankruptcies
 and deductions. Our accounting policy for the allowance for
 doubtful accounts requires us to reserve an amount based on the
 evaluation of the aging of accounts receivable
 detailed analysis
 of high-risk customers&amp;#x2019; accounts
 and the overall market and
 economic conditions of our customers. This evaluation considers the
 customer demographic
 such as large retailers as compared to small
 businesses or individual customers. We consider our accounts
 receivable delinquent or past due based on payment terms
 established with each customer. Accounts receivable are written off
 when the account is determined to be uncollectible.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on
 the&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-in
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;first-out&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;method
 or net realizable value. Returnable bottles are valued at the lower
 of cost
 deposit value or net realizable value. Finished goods
 and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;work-in-process&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;include
 the inventory costs of raw materials
 direct labor and
 manufacturing overhead costs. As a result
 we use an inventory
 reserve to adjust our inventory costs down to a net realizable
 value and to reserve for estimated obsolescence of both raw
 materials and finished goods.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Customer deposits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The Company generally collects deposits on three- and five-gallon
 bottles used by its HOD customers. Such deposits are refunded only
 after customers return such bottles in satisfactory condition. The
 associated bottle deposit liability is estimated based on the
 number of water customers
 average consumption and return rates and
 bottle deposit market rates. The Company analyzes these assumptions
 quarterly and adjusts the bottle deposit liability as
 necessary.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation. Depreciation is allocated between cost of sales and
 SG&amp;amp;A expenses and is determined using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of the assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
 over the remaining life of the lease or useful life of the asset
 whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
 operating expense when incurred.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Goodwill represents the excess purchase price of acquired
 businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill
 is not amortized
 but instead is tested for impairment at least
 annually.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The following table summarizes our goodwill on a reporting segment
 basis as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reporting Segment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Route&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Coffee
&amp;#xA0;Tea&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Based&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;and&amp;#xA0;Extract&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Services&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Solutions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;All&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;579.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;52.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;631.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;439.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;886.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
048.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill acquired during the year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Adjustments&amp;#xA0;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;41.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;936.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
104.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 2pt; FONT-SIZE: medium; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WIDTH: 156px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: 8pt; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr style=break-inside: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;1.&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;For the year ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route
 Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions segments
 in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;amp;D (see Note 3
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Cott operates through five operating segments: Route Based
 Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 Aimia
 RCI and
 Decantae. Route Based Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 are also reportable segments and Aimia
 RCI and Decantae are
 combined and disclosed in the All Other category. We test goodwill
 for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth
 quarter
 based on our reporting unit carrying values
 calculated as
 total assets less&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-interest&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;bearing
 liabilities
 as of the end of the third quarter
 or more frequently
 if we determine a triggering event has occurred during the year.
 Any impairment loss is recognized in our results of operations. We
 evaluate goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit basis
 which
 is an operating segment or a level below an operating segment
 referred to as a component. A component of an operating segment is
 a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which
 discrete financial information is available and management
 regularly reviews the operating results of that component. However
 two or more components of an operating segment are aggregated and
 deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar
 economic characteristics. Our Route Based Services operating
 segment was determined to have three components
 DSS
 Aquaterra and
 Eden. We have determined that DSS and Aquaterra have similar
 economic characteristics and have aggregated them as a single
 reporting unit for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment
 (&amp;#x201C;DSSAqua&amp;#x201D;). For the purpose of testing goodwill for
 impairment in 2017
 we have determined our reporting units are
 DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. DSSAqua and Eden
 are components of the Route Based Services operating segment.
 S&amp;amp;D is a component of the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 operating segment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We had goodwill of $1
104.7&amp;#xA0;million on our Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 which represents amounts
 for the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae reporting
 units.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company early adopted Accounting
 Standard Update (&amp;#x201C;ASU&amp;#x201D;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04
&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;Intangibles
 &amp;#x2013; Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for
 Goodwill Impairment
&amp;#x201D; as part of the annual goodwill
 impairment testing. We have the option of performing a qualitative
 assessment to determine whether any further quantitative testing
 for a potential impairment is necessary. Our qualitative assessment
 will use judgments including
 but not limited to
 changes in the
 general economic environment
 industry considerations
 current
 economic performance compared to historical economic performance
 entity-specific events and events affecting our reporting units
 where applicable. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment
 or if we determine
 based upon our assessment of those qualitative
 factors that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
 reporting unit is less than its net carrying value
 a quantitative
 assessment is required. Quantitative testing requires the fair
 value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value.
 If the reporting unit&amp;#x2019;s carrying value exceeds its fair
 value
 an impairment charge is recognized for the difference.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 For purposes of the 2017 annual test
 we elected to perform a
 qualitative assessment for our RCI and Decantae reporting units to
 assess whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of
 these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In
 performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of
 factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a
 negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial
 performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant reporting unit events
 the impact of which are
 all significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the RCI and Decantae reporting units were greater than
 their respective carrying amount
 including goodwill
 indicating no
 impairment. Goodwill allocated to the RCI and Decantae reporting
 units as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 is $4.5&amp;#xA0;million and
 $1.7&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 For the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 we
 elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and performed a
 quantitative analysis due to a decline in 2017 actual versus
 projected operating results for DSSAqua and Aimia
 and to establish
 a baseline reference for Eden and S&amp;amp;D as 2017 was the first
 full year of operations for these businesses. We determined the
 fair value of each reporting unit being evaluated using a mix of
 the income approach (which is based on the discounted cash flows of
 the reporting unit) and the guideline public company approach. We
 weighted the income approach and the guideline public company
 approach at 50% each to determine the fair value of each reporting
 unit. We believe using a combination of these approaches provides a
 more accurate valuation because it incorporates the expected cash
 generation of the Company in addition to how a third-party market
 participant would value the reporting unit. As the business is
 assumed to continue in perpetuity
 the discounted future cash flows
 includes a terminal value. Critical assumptions used in our 2017
 valuation of the reporting units include the weighted-average
 terminal growth rates of 2.5%
 1.5%
 2.5% and 2.0% and discount
 rates of 8.0%
 9.0%
 8.5% and 11.0% for our DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D
 and Aimia reporting units
 respectively. The terminal growth rate
 assumption incorporated into the discounted cash flow calculation
 reflects our long-term view of the market and industry
 projected
 changes in the sale of our products
 pricing of such products and
 operating profit margins. The discount rate was determined using
 various factors and sensitive assumptions
 including bond yields
 size premiums and tax rates. This rate was based on the weighted
 average cost of capital a market participant would use if
 evaluating the reporting unit as an investment. These assumptions
 are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our
 best estimate of assumptions that market participants would use to
 determine the fair value of the respective reporting units. The key
 inputs into the discounted cash flow analysis were consistent with
 market data
 where available
 indicating that the assumptions used
 were in a reasonable range of observable market data.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Based on the quantitative assessment including consideration of the
 sensitivity of the assumptions made and methods used to determine
 fair value
 industry trends and other relevant factors
 we noted
 that the estimated fair values of DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D and Aimia
 reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately
 42.5%
 17.4%
 25.9% and 19.2%
 respectively. Therefore no goodwill
 impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017. Goodwill allocated to the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;amp;D and Aimia reporting units as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 are
 $612.0&amp;#xA0;million
 $324.7&amp;#xA0;million
 $117.8&amp;#xA0;million and
 $44.0&amp;#xA0;million
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In addition
 we note that goodwill held by reporting units in our
 Traditional Business totaled $136.8&amp;#xA0;million at
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 and is included in long-term assets of
 discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We
 elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our Traditional
 Business reporting units to assess whether it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their
 respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited
 to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash
 flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted
 projections in prior periods
 the aggregate deal consideration of
 $1.25&amp;#xA0;billion for the sale of the Traditional Business and
 other relevant reporting unit events
 all of which require the use
 of significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the Traditional Business reporting units were greater
 than their respective carrying amounts
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Each year during the fourth quarter
 we&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-evaluate&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;the
 assumptions used in our assessments
 such as revenue growth rates
 operating profit margins and discount rates
 to reflect any
 significant changes in the business environment that could
 materially affect the fair value of our reporting units. Based on
 the evaluations performed in 2017
 we determined that the fair
 value of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying
 amounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 As of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 our intangible assets subject to
 amortization
 net of accumulated amortization were
 $462.5&amp;#xA0;million
 consisting principally of $428.7&amp;#xA0;million
 of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&amp;#xA0;million of software
 and $14.2&amp;#xA0;million of patents.
 Customer relationships are typically amortized on an accelerated
 basis for the period over which we expect to receive the economic
 benefits. With the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition
 Eden Acquisition
 and
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 the acquired customer relationships are
 amortized over the expected remaining useful life of those
 relationships on a basis that reflects the pattern of realization
 of the estimated undiscounted&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;after-tax&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;cash
 flows. We review the estimated useful life of these intangible
 assets annually
 unless a review is required more frequently due a
 triggering event
 such as a loss of a significant customer. Our
 review of the estimated useful life takes into consideration the
 specific net cash flows related to the intangible asset. The
 permanent loss of
 or significant decline in sales to customers
 included in the intangible asset would result in either an
 impairment in the value of the intangible asset or an accelerated
 amortization of any remaining value and could lead to an impairment
 of the fixed assets that were used to service that customer. In
 2016
 we recorded $11.4&amp;#xA0;million in customer relationships
 acquired with the Aquaterra Acquisition
 $134.1&amp;#xA0;million in
 customer relationships acquired with the Eden Acquisition
 and
 $113.7&amp;#xA0;million in customer relationships acquired with the
 S&amp;amp;D Acquisition. We did not record impairment charges for other
 intangible assets in 2017
 2016 or 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 Our intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to the 2001
 acquisition of intellectual property from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 and include the right to manufacture our concentrates
 with
 all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and
 manufacturing information
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;know-how&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;and the use
 of the Royal Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the
 &amp;#x201C;Rights&amp;#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of
 DSS (the &amp;#x201C;DSS Trademarks&amp;#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the
 acquisition of Eden (the &amp;#x201C;Eden Trademarks&amp;#x201D;)
 and
 trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Aquaterra (the
 &amp;#x201C;Aquaterra Trademarks&amp;#x201D;). These assets have an aggregate
 net book value of $288.6&amp;#xA0;million as of December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.
 There are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
 economic
 or other factors that limit the useful life of these intangible
 assets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The life of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and
 Aquaterra Trademarks are considered to be indefinite and therefore
 these intangible assets are not amortized. Rather
 they are tested
 for impairment at least annually or more frequently if we determine
 a triggering event has occurred during the year. We compare the
 carrying amount of the intangible asset to its fair value and when
 the carrying amount is greater than the fair value
 we recognize in
 income an impairment loss. During the fourth quarter of 2017
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 value of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra
 Trademarks were greater than their respective carrying value
 indicating no impairment.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We assessed qualitative factors to determine whether the existence
 of events or circumstances indicated that it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks
 were less than their respective carrying value. The qualitative
 factors we assessed included macroeconomic conditions
 industry and
 market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative
 effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance
 compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other
 relevant events
 the impact of which are all significant judgements
 and estimates. We concluded that it was more likely than not that
 the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were more
 than its carrying value and therefore we were not required to
 perform any additional testing.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 To determine the fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden
 Trademarks
 we use a relief from royalty method of the income
 approach
 which calculates a fair value royalty rate that is
 applied to revenue forecasts associated with those trademarks. The
 resulting cash flows are discounted using a rate to reflect the
 risk of achieving the projected royalty savings attributable to the
 trademarks. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
 these trademarks are subjective and require significant management
 judgment
 including estimated future revenues
 the fair value
 royalty rate (which is estimated to be a reasonable market royalty
 charge that would be charged by a licensor of the trademarks) and
 the risk adjusted discount rate. Based on our impairment test
 the
 estimated fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden Trademarks
 exceeded the carrying value by approximately 18.0% and 28.0%
 respectively. If actual revenues in future periods
 are less than
 currently projected for the DSS Trademarks and Eden Trademarks
 these trademarks could be impaired.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Impairment and disposal of long-lived assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 When adverse events occur
 we compare the carrying amount of
 long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
 at the lowest level of independent cash flows for the group of
 long-lived assets and recognize any impairment loss based on
 discounted cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 taking into consideration the timing of testing and the
 asset&amp;#x2019;s remaining useful life. The expected life and value of
 these long-lived assets is based on an evaluation of the
 competitive environment
 history and future prospects as
 appropriate. We did not record impairments of long-lived assets in
 2017 or 2016. As part of normal business operations
 we identify
 long-lived assets that are no longer productive and are disposed.
 Losses on disposals of assets are presented separately in our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations as part of operating income.
 We recognized losses on disposal of property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp;
 equipment
 net of $10.2&amp;#xA0;million for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 ($6.6 million&amp;#x2014;December 31
 2016; $4.2
 million&amp;#x2014;January 2
 2016).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Derivative financial instruments&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to
 movements in foreign currencies and certain commodity prices. All
 derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use derivative financial
 instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We manage credit
 risk related to the derivative financial instruments by requiring
 high credit standards for our counterparties and periodic
 settlements. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information on our derivative financial
 instruments.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Foreign currency translation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The assets and liabilities of&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;active
 operations
 all of which are self-sustaining
 are translated to
 U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet
 dates. Revenues and expenses are translated using average monthly
 exchange rates prevailing during the period. The resulting gains or
 losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Income taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the
 differences between the financial statement carrying amount of
 assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 using
 currently enacted income tax rates. A valuation allowance is
 established to reduce deferred income tax assets if
 on the basis
 of available evidence
 it is not more likely than not that all or a
 portion of any deferred tax assets will be realized. The
 consideration of available evidence requires significant management
 judgment including an assessment of the future periods in which the
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized and
 projections of future taxable income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets
 related to net
 operating losses
 is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income during the periods prior to their expiration. If our
 estimates and assumptions about future taxable income are not
 appropriate
 the value of our deferred tax assets may not be
 recoverable
 which may result in an increase to our valuation
 allowance that will impact current earnings.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We account for uncertain tax positions using
 a&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;two-step&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;process.
 The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by
 determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it
 is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on
 audit
 including resolution of related appeals or litigation
 processes
 based on the technical merits. The second step requires
 management to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest
 amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
 settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate
 such amounts
 as we have to determine the probability of various
 possible outcomes. We&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;re-evaluate&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;these
 uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is
 based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or
 circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under
 audit
 and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or
 measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an
 additional charge to the tax provision.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
 benefits within the income tax (benefit) expense line in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and we include
 accrued interest and penalties within the accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities or the prepaid expenses and other current
 assets line in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Pension costs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We record annual amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans
 based on calculations
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates and assumed rates of return on plan assets
 depending on the pension plan. Material changes in pension costs
 may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future
 annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
 changes in the level of contributions to the plans and other
 factors. The funded status is the difference between the fair value
 of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Future actuarial gains
 or losses that are not recognized as net periodic benefits cost in
 the same periods will be recognized as a component of other
 comprehensive income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Recently adopted accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Inventory (Topic 330)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2015-11&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Inventory (Topic 330) to simplify the accounting for inventory. The
 guidance requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower
 of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the
 estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less
 reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and
 transportation. The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance
 effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017
 and applied it prospectively to all
 periods presented. The adoption of this standard did not have a
 material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Intangibles&amp;#x2014;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance&amp;#xA0;regarding
 goodwill impairment. The amendments remove certain conditions of
 the goodwill impairment test and simplify the computation of
 impairment. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim
 periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 for any tests performed after January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017. The amendments
 in this update should be applied prospectively
 with disclosure
 required as to the nature of and reason for the change in
 accounting principle upon transition. In the fourth quarter of
 2017
 the Company early adopted ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-04&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;as part of
 the annual goodwill impairment testing.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-12&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to
 Accounting for Hedging Activities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In August 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the
 improvement of accounting for hedging transactions. This new
 standard simplifies and expands the eligible hedging strategies for
 financial and&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-financial&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;risks.
 It also enhances the transparency of how hedging results are
 presented and disclosed. Further
 the new standard provides partial
 relief on the timing of certain aspects of hedge documentation and
 eliminates the requirement to recognize hedge ineffectiveness
 separately in earnings. The guidance is designed to align hedge
 accounting with a company&amp;#x2019;s risk management activities and
 simplifies its application through targeted improvements by
 expanding the list of items eligible to be hedged and amending the
 methods used to measure the effectiveness of hedging relationships.
 Additionally it prescribes how hedging results should be presented
 and requires incremental disclosures. The amendments in this update
 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
 has early adopted
 in an interim period
 the targeted improvements
 to accounting for hedging activities. The transition date is
 October&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 (&amp;#x201D;Adoption Date&amp;#x201D;). The impacts to
 the Company at the Adoption Date are limited to S&amp;amp;D&amp;#x2019;s
 outstanding coffee futures contracts. Adoption of
 ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-12&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;did not
 result in a cumulative adjustment to the opening balance of
 retained earnings and did not have any other material effect on the
 results of operations
 financial position or cash flows of the
 Company.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-13&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842)
 &amp;#x2013; Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff
 Announcement at the July&amp;#xA0;20
 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission
 of Prior SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In August 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance that
 delays the mandatory adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 for
 certain entities
 revises the guidance related to performance-based
 incentive fees in Topic 605 and revises the guidance related to
 leases in Topic 840 and Topic 842. The revisions to the lease
 guidance eliminate language specific to certain sale-leaseback
 arrangements
 guarantees of lease residual assets and loans made by
 lessees to owner-lessors. Also included is an amendment to Topic
 842 to retain the guidance in Topic 840 covering the impact of
 changes in tax rates on investments in leveraged leases. This
 standard
 which is effective immediately
 generally relates to the
 adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 and did not have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Recently issued accounting pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2014-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding revenue
 recognition and created a new Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
 with Customers. The objectives for creating Topic 606 were to
 remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue recognition
 provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues
 provide more useful information to users of the financial
 statements through improved disclosure requirements
 simplify the
 preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of
 requirements to which an entity must refer
 and improve
 comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. The core principle
 of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to
 depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
 an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
 expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To
 achieve the core principle
 an entity should apply the following
 steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 2) identify the
 performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the
 transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the
 performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue
 when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. For
 public entities
 the amendments are effective for annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim
 periods within that reporting period. The amendments may be applied
 retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or
 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying
 the amendment recognized at the date of initial application.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We will adopt this guidance and related amendments as of
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2017. The standard permits the use of either the
 retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company
 has elected the cumulative effect method. We will be required to
 comply with expanded disclosure requirements
 including the
 disaggregation of revenues to depict the nature and uncertainty of
 types of revenues
 contract assets and liabilities
 current period
 revenues previously recorded as a liability
 performance
 obligations
 significant judgments and estimates affecting the
 amount and timing of revenue recognition
 determination of
 transaction prices
 and allocation of transaction prices to
 performance obligations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 During 2017
 the Company completed its analysis of the impact of
 the standard on its contract types
 and concluded the adoption of
 this standard will not have a material impact on our Consolidated
 Financial Statements. We have also modified current processes and
 controls to apply the requirements of the new standard. We do not
 believe such modifications are material to our internal controls
 over financial reporting.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-02&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Leases (Topic 842)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 lease accounting for lessees and lessors. This update revises
 accounting for operating leases by a lessee
 among other changes
 and requires a lessee to recognize a liability to make lease
 payments and an asset representing its right to use the underlying
 asset for the lease term in the balance sheet. The distinction
 between finance and operating leases has not changed and the update
 does not significantly change the effect of finance and operating
 leases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Additionally
 this update
 requires both qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures.
 For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption
 permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the
 earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard
 on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company is evaluating
 the standard&amp;#x2019;s applicability to our various contractual
 arrangements. We currently believe that the most significant
 changes relate to the recognition of new right of use assets and
 lease liabilities for real estate and equipment leases
 which will
 result in increases to our assets and liabilities on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that substantially all of
 our lessee lease arrangements will continue to be classified as
 operating leases under the new standard.&amp;#xA0;Additionally
 we had
 $19.9&amp;#xA0;million of deferred gains at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016
 associated with sale-leaseback transactions which are currently
 being amortized over the leaseback term. Upon adoption of this
 standard
 we will be required to recognize the unamortized deferred
 gain at January&amp;#xA0;1
 2017 as a cumulative effect adjustment to
 equity. In addition
 upon adoption of this standard
 deferred gains
 related to the sale-leaseback transactions completed in 2017 of
 $7.9&amp;#xA0;million at December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017 will be recognized in
 net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 The standard also requires lessors to classify leases as
 sales-type
 direct financing or operating leases
 similar to
 existing guidance. We believe that substantially all of our lessor
 lease arrangements will continue to be classified as operating
 leases under the new standard.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2016-13&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Financial Instruments &amp;#x2013; Credit Losses (Topic 326)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In June 2016
 the FASB amended its guidance to measure all expected
 credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based
 on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and
 supportable forecasts. Entities will now use forward-looking
 information to better form their credit loss estimates. The amended
 guidance also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial
 statement users better understand significant estimates and
 judgments used in estimating credit losses
 as well as the credit
 quality and underwriting standards of an entity&amp;#x2019;s portfolio.
 The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim periods
 within those fiscal years. Early adoption will be permitted for
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be
 applied using a prospective or modified retrospective transition
 method
 depending on the area covered in this update. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU 201&lt;/i&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;7&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;i&gt;-01 &amp;#x2013; Business
 Combination (Topic 805)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding business
 combinations. The amendment clarified the definition of a business
 with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
 evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
 acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amendments
 provide an analysis of fair value of assets acquired to determine
 when a set of assets is not a business
 and uses more stringent
 criteria related to inputs
 substantive process
 and outputs to
 determine if a business exists. The amendments in this update are
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early
 adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied
 prospectively on or after the effective date with no requirement
 for disclosures at transition.&amp;#xA0;We are currently assessing the
 impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-07&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Compensation&amp;#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement pension cost
 and requires the service cost
 component to be presented in the same line item or items as other
 compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent
 employees during the period. The other components of net benefit
 cost are required to be presented in the income statement
 separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal
 of income from operations. The amendments in this update also allow
 only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization
 when applicable. For public entities
 the amendments in this update
 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with
 early adoption permitted. At adoption
 this update will be applied
 retrospectively for the presentation of the service cost component
 and other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement benefit cost in the income statement and
 prospectively
 on or after the effective date
 for the
 capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic
 pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit in assets.
 Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an entity should provide
 disclosures about a change in accounting principle. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 1px; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-08&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Receivables&amp;#x2014;Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs
 (Subtopic&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;310-20)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In March 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance on accounting for debt
 securities. The amendments shorten the amortization period for
 certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest
 call date. The amendments do not require an accounting change for
 securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be
 amortized to maturity. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. If an entity early
 adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should
 be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
 that interim period. At adoption
 this update will be applied using
 a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect
 adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the
 period of adoption. Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an
 entity should provide disclosures about a change in accounting
 principle. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of
 this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;2017-09&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2013;
 Stock Compensation &amp;#x2013; Scope of Modification Accounting (Topic
 718)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In May 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the scope of
 modification accounting for share-based compensation arrangements.
 The amendments provide guidance about which changes to the terms or
 conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
 apply modification accounting in Topic 718. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2017. Early adoption is
 permitted
 including adoption in any interim period
 for public
 entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have
 not yet been issued. The amendments in this update should be
 applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption
 date. We do not expect adoption of this standard to have a
 significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 &lt;i&gt;Update ASU 2018-02 &amp;#x2013; Income Statement&amp;#x2014;Reporting
 Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: 400; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial&gt;
 In February 2018
 the FASB amended its guidance which allows a
 reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to
 retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the
 comprehensive tax legislation enacted by the U.S. government on
 December 22
 2017 commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &amp;#x201C;Tax Act&amp;#x201D;) and requires certain disclosures about
 stranded tax effects. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 and may be applied in
 the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which
 the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate in
 the Tax Act is recognized. We are currently assessing the impact of
 adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Note 22&amp;#x2014;Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 the Company completed the Transaction.
 The Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our
 Canadian business and a sale of the stock of the operating
 subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other
 jurisdictions after we completed an internal reorganization. The
 aggregate consideration was approximately $1.25&amp;#xA0;billion
 paid
 at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working
 capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. We used the
 cash proceeds from the Transaction to retire $525.0&amp;#xA0;million
 aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 retire the remaining
 $250.0&amp;#xA0;million aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes
 repay $262.5&amp;#xA0;million of the outstanding balance on our ABL
 facility
 and repay $1.9&amp;#xA0;million in aggregate principal
 outstanding on our GE Term Loan. Additionally
 in connection with
 the closing of the Transaction on January&amp;#xA0;30
 2018
 we further
 amended and restated the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of August&amp;#xA0;3
 2016
 as amended
 which governed our
 prior ABL facility. The ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 is a
 revolving facility of up to $250.0&amp;#xA0;million
 which may be
 increased up to an additional $100.0&amp;#xA0;million at our option if
 lenders agree to increase their commitments
 with a maturity date
 of August&amp;#xA0;3
 2021.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;12
 2018
 the Company entered into a definitive
 agreement to acquire Crystal Rock Holdings
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;Crystal
 Rock&amp;#x201D;)
 a &lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=white-space:nowrap&gt;direct-to-consumer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt; home and
 office water
 coffee
 filtration and office supply service business
 serving customers throughout New York and New England
 for
 approximately $35&amp;#xA0;million.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Under the terms of the merger agreement
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Cott commenced a tender offer on February&amp;#xA0;20
 2018 to
 acquire all of the outstanding shares of Crystal Rock&amp;#x2019;s
 common stock at a price of $0.97 per share in cash. The
 consummation of the tender offer is subject to several conditions
 including a minimum tender of a majority of outstanding shares of
 Crystal Rock common stock on a fully diluted basis
 and other
 customary conditions. Following consummation of the tender offer
 such subsidiary will merge with and into Crystal Rock
 such that
 following the merger
 Crystal Rock will become a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Cott.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The acquisition of Crystal Rock is expected to close in March 2018
 subject to the conditions to the tender offer and other customary
 closing conditions.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;28
 2018
 the Board of Directors declared a
 dividend of $0.06 per common share
 payable in cash on
 March&amp;#xA0;28
 2018 to shareowners of record at the close of
 business on March&amp;#xA0;13
 2018.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of our
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;28.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reductions based on tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(6.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlement on tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax rate change&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(4.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse in statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;(3.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current
 period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Foreign exchange&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.7&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 A portion of our accounts receivable is not expected to be
 collected due to &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;non-payment
&lt;/font&gt; bankruptcies and
 deductions. Our accounting policy for the allowance for doubtful
 accounts requires us to reserve an amount based on the evaluation
 of the aging of accounts receivable
 detailed analysis of high-risk
 customers&amp;#x2019; accounts
 and the overall market and economic
 conditions of our customers. This evaluation considers the customer
 demographic
 such as large retailers as compared to small
 businesses or individual customers. We consider our accounts
 receivable delinquent or past due based on payment terms
 established with each customer. Accounts receivable are written off
 when the account is determined to be uncollectible.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimates&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
 financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates. The Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates
 and assumptions that
 in the opinion of management
 were
 significant to the underlying amounts representing the future
 valuation of intangible assets
 long-lived assets and goodwill
 realization of deferred income tax assets
 the resolution of tax
 contingencies and projected benefit plan obligations.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The following table summarizes interest expense
 net for the years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;30
 2017
 December&amp;#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000; width:91.35pt; display:inline; font-size:8pt; font-family:Times New Roman;&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Interest on long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;83.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Other interest expense
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=page-break-inside:avoid ; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;85.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;43.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Sales incentives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 We participate in various incentive programs with our customers
 including volume-based incentives
 contractual rebates and
 promotional allowances. Volume incentives are based on our
 customers achieving volume targets for a period of time. Volume
 incentives and contractual rebates are deducted from revenue and
 accrued as the incentives are earned and are based on
 management&amp;#x2019;s estimate of the total the customer is expected
 to earn and claim. Promotional allowances are accrued at the time
 of revenue recognition and are deducted from revenue based on
 either the volume shipped or the volume sold at the retailer
 location
 depending on the terms of the allowance. We regularly
 review customer sales forecasts to ensure volume targets will be
 met and adjust incentive accruals and revenues accordingly.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 Our DB plans weighted-average asset allocations by asset category
 were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=77%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;U.S. Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;61.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;60.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;38.6&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;International Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Equity securities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;64.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;76.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fixed income investments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;29.2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Real estate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:18pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Customer deposits&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; text-indent:4%; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 The Company generally collects deposits on three- and five-gallon
 bottles used by its HOD customers. Such deposits are refunded only
 after customers return such bottles in satisfactory condition. The
 associated bottle deposit liability is estimated based on the
 number of water customers
 average consumption and return rates and
 bottle deposit market rates. The Company analyzes these assumptions
 quarterly and adjusts the bottle deposit liability as
 necessary.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 in 2016
 we granted 33
030 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2019 fiscal year
 and 202
269 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2020 fiscal year. The number of shares ultimately awarded will be based upon the performance percentage
 which can range from 0% to 200% of the awards granted. The Performance-based RSUs vest primarily on the Company&#x2019;s achievement of a specified level of cumulative pre-tax income for the applicable performance period. The number of Performance-based RSUs that may vest and the related unrecognized compensation cost is subject to change based on the level of targeted pre-tax income that is achieved during the vesting period. The Company also granted 134
840 Time-based RSUs
 which vest in three equal annual installments on the first

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The total consideration paid by Cott in the Eden Acquisition is
 summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to sellers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;86.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid on behalf of sellers to retire outstanding
 indebtedness&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;420.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;71.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Working capital settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total consideration&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;576.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Originally&lt;br /&gt;
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Measurement&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquired&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; cash equivalents&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;95.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;94.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;107.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;299.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;213.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(128.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(128.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(49.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;576.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;576.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Eden Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Market&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;134.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;15 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks and trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;72.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Indefinite&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;3-5&lt;/font&gt; years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;212.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The total consideration paid by Cott in the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition is
 summarized below:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to sellers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;232.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid on behalf of sellers for sellers&amp;#x2019; transaction
 expenses&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;84.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash paid to retire outstanding debt on behalf of sellers&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Working capital settlement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total consideration&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Originally&lt;br /&gt;
 Reported&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Measurement&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquired&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;51.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;92.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;117.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(46.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(43.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the S&amp;amp;D Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Market&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&amp;#xA0;Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;17&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Non-competition&lt;/font&gt;
 agreements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;3 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;2 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;119.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The table below summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to
 the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquired&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventories&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Property
 plant&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other long-term liabilities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;44.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Aquaterra Acquisition and
 their estimated weighted average useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; WIDTH: 91.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; DISPLAY: inline&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;(in millions of U.S. dollars)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Market&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;12 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trademarks and trade names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;Indefinite&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2017 vest in three  equal annual installments on the first

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=66%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;U.S. Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.5&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;International Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increase&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.4&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 CPI Inflation factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=54%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=14%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;December&amp;#xA0;31
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;January&amp;#xA0;2
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;U.S. Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.8&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;International Plans&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.0&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; PAGE-BREAK-INSIDE: avoid bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inflation factor&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;b&gt;0.3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    









 $0.3 million tax benefit and $1.0 million tax expense for the years ended December 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016





























  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2017-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2017-01-31
  xmlns:cot=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20171230
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2017-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2017-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2017-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20171230




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant &amp; Equipment

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant &amp; Equipment

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment

        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment

        
        
        



 Net - Schedule of Accounts Receivable

        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net - Summary of Property

        
        
        



 Plant &amp; Equipment

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



















































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink








    
    
    


    
    



 Net

    




    
    


    
    



 Trade

    



 Gross

    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    



 Defined Benefit Plan

    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets

    
    


    
    










    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    




    


    
    




    



 Pro Forma Earnings Per Share






 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations
 Net of Tax
 Per Share

    










    









 Pro Forma Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations

    




    




    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    




    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    
    
    



 Consideration Transferred

    



 Consideration Transferred






 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value

    



 Contingent Consideration

    


    
    




    



 Pro Forma Information
 Earnings or Loss of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Pro Forma Information
 Revenue of Acquiree since Acquisition Date

    



 Provisional Information
 Initial Accounting Incomplete
 Adjustment

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    


    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired
 Goodwill
 and Liabilities Assumed

    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    




    



 Cash Equivalents








 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)

    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    


    
    









 Shares










 Value


 no par-139
488
805 shares issued (December 31
 2016- 138
591



    
    




    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    




    
    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 current continuing operations





    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




    






    



 Interest Rate

    
    
    


    
    




    








    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 deferred continued operations





    




    




    
    




    
    










    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    




    



 Tax Credit Carryforwards

    



 Tax Credit Carryforwards







    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    




    
    
    




    




    




    



 Net

    



 Property






 Amount of Unrecognized Deferred Tax Liability

    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Plan Assets

    



 Benefit Obligation

    




    




    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    


    
    
    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 assumptions used calculating net periodic benefit cost

    
    




    
    
    



 Benefit Obligation

    



 Benefit Obligation

    



 Plan Assets

    










    




    



 Plan Assets

    



 Benefit Obligation

    
    


    
    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payment

    



 Expected Future Employer Contributions





    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    



 Benefit Obligation

    




    




    




    




    



 Plan Assets

    



 Plan Assets

    
    


    
    
    



 Plan Assets

    



 Plan Assets
 Target Allocation






 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)

    



 Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit)

    




    



 Benefit Obligation

    




    




    




    


    
    




    
    



 Fair Value

    


    
    



 at Fair Value

    


    
    



 Fair Value

    
    



 Fair Value

    



 Fair Value

    
    



 Gain (Loss) on Derivative

    


    
    


    
    


    
    















 Gain Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income

    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    










    




    



 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation






 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax

    



 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation
 Net of Tax

    


    
    










    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts
 Notes and Loans Receivable






 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets

    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    





 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Goodwill

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Intangible Assets






 Including Discontinued Operation

    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Other Assets






 Including Discontinued Operation
 Prepaid and Other Assets

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property
 Plant and Equipment


 plant &amp; equipment




 Including Discontinued Operation






 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation




 Including Discontinued Operations

    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    




    










    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    



 Basic

    




    
    




    
    



 Diluted
 by Common Class


 Diluted
 by Common Class



    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Cash Equivalents

    




    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




















    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inputs

    



 Inputs

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    


    
    




    












    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 plant &amp; equipment


 plant and equipment



    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    



 Goodwill

    



 Intangible Assets

    




    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    



 Maximum Exposure

    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    



 Net of Tax

    




    




    




    



 Income Taxes

    



 Net of Tax

    
    
    




    




    
    



 Net of Tax










 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    
    


    
    


    
    



 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups


 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups









    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    



 Change in Enacted Tax Rate

    



 Deduction
 Dividends

    


    
    
    



 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential

    




    


    
    
    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Share-based Compensation Cost

    


    
    
    



 Other Adjustments

    



 Prior Year Income Taxes

    



 State and Local Income Taxes

    



 Tax Contingency

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    




    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    




    










    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    




    
    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    














    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation

    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities

    
    



 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    





















 Notes





    




    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    
    
    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    


    
    




    



 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    



 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    
















    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Due

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Operating Lease

    



 Rent Expense

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    


    
    




    
    





















 Consolidation
 Basis of Presentation

    




    









 Defined Benefit Plan
 Prior Service Cost (Credit)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    



 before Reclassifications

    



 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges








 Derivatives Qualifying as Hedges






 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    
    




    




    



 Net of Tax

    



 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment






 Defined Benefit Plan
 after Reclassification Adjustment






 Defined Benefit Plan
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    








    
    



 Plant







    
    




    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    





 Plant &amp; Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    









 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment

    
    

 plant &amp; equipment




 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Net


 net of allowance of $7.8 ($6.3 as of December 31

    


    
    



 Current Period

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    






    


    
    
    





















 Notes





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    


    
    




    




    



 Diluted
 by Common Class


 Diluted
 by Common Class



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    



 Stock Options

    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    









 General and Administrative Expenses





    
    




    
    




    











 Discount from Market Price

    


    
    




    
    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options

    
    


    
    





 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period





    
    





 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    



 Fair Value Assumptions

    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    






    


    
    
    



 Options
 Exercisable


 2017




 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable


 2017




 Options
 Exercisable


 2017




 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options






 Options
 Forfeitures and Expirations in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period








 Options
 Grants in Period

    


    
    





 Options
 Grants in Period





    
    





 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price


 Options Outstanding
 Weighted Average Exercise Price




 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable

    

 2017




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 2017




 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding






 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding


 2017






 Options
 Vested in Period

    


    
    
    


    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period









    




    


    
    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans


 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans





    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    



 Shares






 Shares






 Shares



    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Options








 Value

    



 Value

    



 Value

    



 Value
 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    


    
    





 change in tax rate


 Change in Tax Rate

    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    




    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    










    




    




    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g483557g0215072528005.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &6 HD# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBJM_J5

P



M;

N-H(*
N



5Z)10!3U-=

M.5QDXSTKW*7_ %+_ .Z:\4^&/_).M)^DO_HUZ +WD_$/_HHG_E%MZ/)^(?\
MT43_ 





M_HHG_E%MZ/)^(?\ T43_ 




M*+;UT%% '/\ D_$/_HHG_E%MZ/)^(?\ T43_ 



M_P3\0_^BB?^46WH\GXA_P#11/\ RBV]=!10!S_D_$/_ **)_P46WH\GXA_
M]%$_\HMO7044 :/POUS4?$GP]TS5-5G$][

M;1_]^X_]'R5Z!7G_ 




% V64^N:UWT355\4R1K82/92ZTFJ&^

MX7&&ZUW5% ' Z[H^KWVJWDEOI4[Q:O!8H[O+$/L9AF=G\P;\GY7R-F[D'ZU)
MH&B:K::]90W%@\=KI\NH2B\:2








[L%51EF8X



M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


MSNCTQ&Q)



M
1C&1MZ9J_)XOG7Q&;%-
1]/34%TV2Z%R?
69H1*(]FGS*I.\')/''(!U5



M^#SC'3.=FB@#F-1\-ZKJEE'87&L6JV+I&ES!#I^S.QL_N3YF8\C .[?C QBD

?^2=:3])





M_O\ XU8JCJVL6&AV+WFHW*00KT)ZL?0#N: )39P@$EYP!U)N'_QKCK[7I]8O


*B# % &+H?@VPTAFNI99[S4Y1^^O996\Q_




M27_T:] '74444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110





?^2=:

L0
UXK\
M1L1X!TV$WEN)8
MA()$\U=R$R


MJ_V^S_Y^X/\ OX*/M]G_ 




FVRD
MY_2C_A8VEG[FG:R_IML6YKJ/M]G_ ,_<'_?P4?;[/_G[@_[^@#E_P#A85L?


?

M^FU3D_7BNDTRTT#1H?*TZ.QMEQSY94$_4]3^- &%_:7C77.-/TNWT6V;I/?M
MOEQZB



(XQPJCEG/HH[FN6M-'U'QE=1ZGXAC:VTM&WVNEY^
M]Z-+ZGVH C+:C\092J&:P\

M[LM+M?


@Q6S-_.
M@#L:*X_^P_&TGW_&


M%_J])L$_W;9!_2K4=G:Q?ZNVA3_=0@#EO\ A9WA5O\ 4WL\_P#USM)3_-:;
M)\2M(2-I%L-8D11DLMDV /7)Q7956O[VU.QFLKR
R6\R[70



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

LU6[UK.KZH_S2373%

^^#76_9O'6M?\?%Y

F.F*EHH R/\ A%/#F<_V!I6?
M7[''_A6LJA5J % P !P*6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH /@G_R2;1_]^X_]'R5Z!7G_ 
$_



?AS1K_5VS@3!/*A_%V_PI/[
M


MX?\ PH^V1?W)_P#OP_\ A0!8HJO]LB_N3_\ ?A_\*/MD7]R?_OP_^% %BBJ_
MVR+^Y/\ ]^'_ 

MN/\ T?)7H%?/W[


$9'(X/:IZ* 

-Q/:N7B6-=JW$BI($.4$B!@LFT
]:M% #)?]2_^Z:\4^&/_ 3K2?I+_PC7KVN7_4O_NFO
M%/AC_P DZTGZ2_\ HUZ .NHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HKDO%O



MVDC?S I/^$TU&Y_X\/!VM2YZ&Y18 ?S)KK@ JA5  '0 4M '(?VGX[NO]1X=

M+6)

M(EL\A!V&?
KTW3+66QTRVM)[C[1)#&$
NS;NQWQDX_.K=% !1163K_B&Q\.V


M0!'!!#:P)!!&L448VHB#  J2BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

W_?(R: -FBN/_ .%B6%SQI&EZ

M53!Y_P!G4-Y6_;NRP'7!QU]*P_\ A'O%E_SJ/BS[.AZQ:?:JF/HYYJMJ/PNT






DFT?\ W[C_ -'R5Z!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% #)?\ 4O\ [IKQ3X8_\DZTGZ2_^C7KVN7_ %+_ .Z:\4^&/_).M)^DO_HU



MQ&3?'F'R]GJ/O'/:L7QE\3/^$2UM=-_LC[7F%9?
^T^7U)&

M[HAU&\DM=


'_GA!)(1_WU1_PC'B
1HFGH1_$+9,_GC-:D<44*[8H
MTC7T50!0!R?_  GT4W_'EX=\077HR615?S)%'_2^*+C_CT\%3@'^*YO8X\?

M8C:

5J/








?^2=:3])?_1K
MU'^T-KVL:*_AY=*U6^L1


<M<2$^I\PLN?H* .T




M%?Y&KWVB4?\ +E/^:?\ Q5 '$'Q]X@N.+'P+J; ]&G)C'ZK_ %IIUKXE7?\
MQ[^&M/M5/\4\X8C\G'\J[G[1+_SY3_\ ?2?_ !5'VB7_ )\I_P#OI/\ XJ@#
MA#8?%&\^_J^DV2GJ(X]Q'YH?YTG_  @WB^[_ ./WQU=1YZBWC*_R9:[S[1+_
M 



UU'VB7_GRG_[Z3_XJC[1+_P ^4_\ WTG_ 
50!R__  C7BP=/


O-


MI?:)?^?*?_OI/_BJ/M$O_/E/_P!])_\ %4 6**K_ &B7_GRG_P^D_\ BJ/M
M$O\ SY3_ /?2?_%4 6**K_:)?^?*?_OI/_BJ/M$O_/E/_P!])_\ %4 6**K_
M &B7_GRG_P^D_\ BJ/M$O\ SY3_ /?2?_%4 6**K_:)?^?*?_OI/_BJ/M$O
M_/E/_P!])_\ %4 6**K_ &B7_GRG_P^D_\ BJ/M$O\ SY3_ /?2?_%4 6*B
MN;=+NTFMI0DJ-&Q7K@C!Q3/M$O_ #Y3_P#?2?\ Q5'VB7_GRG_[Z3_XJ@#A
M;7X.^'K2\AN4O-3+PR+(H:6/!(.1GY*]JO]HE_Y\I_^^D_^*H^T2_\ /E/_
M -])_P#%4 6**K_:)?\ GRG_ .^D_P#BJ/M$O_/E/_WTG_Q5 %BBJ_VB7_GR
MG_[Z3_XJC[1+_P ^4_\ WTG_ ,50!8HJO]HE_P?*?\ [Z3_ .*H^T2_\^4_
M_?2?_%4 6**K_:)?^?*?_OI/_BJ/M$O_ #Y3_P#?2?\ Q5 %BBJ_VB7_ )\I
M_P#OI/\ XJC[1+_SY3_]])_\50!8HJO]HE_Y\I_^^D_^*H^T2_\ /E/_ -])
M_P#%4 6**K_:)?\ GRG_ .^D_P#BJ/M$O_/E/_WTG_Q5 %BBJ_VB7_GRG_[Z
M3_XJC[1+_P ^4_\ WTG_ 

MK*1@@@]01VI]% %&XT72KNYM;FYTRRFN+3'V:62!6:''382
KT'3TI6T?3'U

Y] T:26SEDTFP:2R %J[6R$P
M=-AQ\N



DZTGZ2_P#HUZ .NHHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH /@G_R2;1_]
M^X_]'R5Z!7G_ ,$_^23:/_OW'_H^2O0* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M9+_J7_W37BGPQ_Y)UI/TE_\ 1KU[7+_J7_W37BGPQ_Y)UI/TE_\ 1KT ==11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 ?
M!/\ Y)-H_P#OW'_H^2O0*\_^?\ R2;1_P#?N/\ T?)7H% !1110 4444 %%















M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M !1110 4444 %%%% !5$:SI;:JVE+J5F=14;FM!.OG 8SG9G/3GI5ZO.H[2Z
M'B^WMWL;LO;ZY/J#W'V:3RO(:U95Q(!M)RRKMSNRO2@#MY]9TNUU&'3KC4K.
M&^G 
5M).JRR \#:I.3T/0=J%UG2VU5M*74K


JD28V$Y95QG/R]


O
M^BC_ /E#A_\ BJ/^%;^


MA16+/\/_ !U%?6D
?CQI8IBXEF&BP@0X7(R-W.3Q5K_A6_C+_HH__E#A_P#B
MJ -BL__ (5OXR_Z*/\ ^4.'_P*H_X5OXR_Z*/_ .4.'_XJ@#0HK/\ ^%;^
M
O\ HH__ )0X?_BJ/^%;^
O^BC_^4.'_ .*H T**S_\ A6_C+_HH_P#Y0X?_
M (JC_A6_C+_HH_\ Y0X?_BJ -BL_P#X5OXR_PBC_\ E#A_^*H_X5OXR_Z*

M#6!H.BW.H_9)[LPH6$

MCDE
C;ZX&])KFI7$EY'I6DQ71MKK[/YD]WY


[VO))&C
M_=@(1)@HQR2F1@]^-K_A)II=;U'2[;2+F26TMA/&798_M!+%=J[N@R/O''MD




?O
Y:5RQ/KD8Z
M=


_

*
D^P



59
9%F=-AR^_YDQ_#@'MN(K1U/

 $%OXSGFUF*W.E;



GZFM.
5Z<$U)8^
)[S7(+1M
6.

M 00

-E]Y##T&T?4T 5KOQ]':V6





M[G'I4-GX5U-=-NK+4-6M+@7






<'YL8Z$@@%B/Q9+<Z7I5Q::6\MUJ*


M4NH[




TQ\O$@\KYGD SOP&'7

M4\ELS^:'9F9 %D0J.0


M  ]K&I:K/J
=_IUK:I:2B%9;:[:=)7 RX&Z-/NG SSSD=JL_V1_Q4PUCS^EG

$R2A-OF.Q+
V
G&6)/7O0!H4444 %

M'6KGV/QA_P!!W0__  33?_)5'@S_ ) $O_82U#_TKFKH* .?^Q^
/^@[H?\
MX)IO_DJC['XP_P@[H?_ ()IO_DJN@HH Y_['XP_Z#NA_P#@FF_^2J/L?C#_
M *#NA_\ @FF_^2JZB@#G_L?C#_H.Z'_ .:;_Y*H^Q^,/\ H.Z'_P":;_Y
M*KH** .?^Q^,/^@[H?\ X)IO_DJC['XP_P@[H?_ ()IO_DJH-?^(/AOPUK5




M['XP_P@[H?_ ()IO_DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_ .2JR+GXE6

-EY
M)22.*4K
).A!$9  _'-;VK:Y)9O8VMA9_:[^^)\F&60PJ% RS.VTE0!_LDYP
M
4 0?8_&'_0=T/\ \$TW_P E4?8_&'_0=T/_ 

/^@[H?_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2J?;^
M!N;*ZN
MTOBL-J@DE

[#
M%LW@X[$4 )]C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5'V/QA_T'=#_ /!--_\ )55M3\?Z)IT5


'-;EK=07MI#=6T@D@F0/&Z]&4C
M(- &)]C\8?\ 0=T/_P $TW_R51]C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5=!10!S_ -C\8?\
M0=T/_P $TW_R51]C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5=!10!S_ -C\8?\ 0=T/_P $TW_R
M51]C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5=!10!S_ -C\8?\ 0=T/_P $TW_R51]C\8?]!W0_

H3@'@F0'OZ4 =9]C\8



/^@[H?
M_@FF_P#DJC['XP_Z#NA_^:;_P2JJ/XMO+FVM'TG2X)YI;5KN5+J[:$1(#C

M_H.Z'_X)IO\ Y*H^Q^
/^@[H?_@FF_\ DJJ\OBN]L;(W6IZ+):QV]QY5ZXE+


00K _8I\%6.
M ^=GW

/\
MH.Z'_P:;_Y*H^Q^


M)5=!10!S_P!C\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5'V/QA_T'=#_ /!--_\ )5=!10!S_P!C
M\8?]!W0__!--_P#)5'V/QA_T'=#_ /!--_\ )5=!10!S_P!C\8?]!W0__!--




M_P0_P*O^PE'_Z26] '04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!S_@S_D

D4?\)#JG_0
MF:Y_W^LO_DB@#H**Y_\ X2'5/^A

M7 ]-S

US_O]9?_ 11
M_P )#JG_ $)FN?\ ?ZR_^2* (KO1+_3M5M=1T*SE\NT^Q26MY.\:F
8*%9



MS1O$5_#;7UQ/8G4;6]6Y@LQ(P@10-I3S0FXD@D[BO!QQQS@-X
U?3K#Q'?2M

6VJ
988P
]3ZNL_X2'5/^A,US_O]9?_ 11_P )#JG_
M $)FN?\ ?ZR_^2* .=C\):UJVFFYOFL[2]%G;Q6T2.[+F
A\R$JI&2 -H!QS

&1
ME*JHA(\N



ME=#_ 



MG_0F:Y_W^LO_ )(H_P$AU3_ *$S7/\ O]9?_)% '045S_\ PD.J?]9KG_?






DUJ6
M7@B*[U-;WQ)8:7J3BSC@!G3[00ZGE@9%[]:T_P#A(=4_Z$S7/^_UE_\ )%'_


)#JG_0F:Y_W^LO
M_DBC_A(=4_Z$S7/^_P!9?_)% %*WTCQ)I8FTW3)=/33Y)S*EY)(WGPJQRR^5

LID! #KMPN
\D%L^@K?\ ^$AU

D4?\)#JG_0F:Y_W^LO_DB@#!_X0?4_L[Q^?:9.DQV(^=OO
MJ^2?N_=Q^/M69;^$];U;^V-)N(H;73)=0
C7+%Q*PX^12N"?XMP^AKL?\
MA(=4_PA
US_ +_67_R11_PD.J?]9KG_?ZR_P#DB@#A\(ZU) 5ODTF3[/8
MBRMXO

US_O]
M9?\ R10!CV/P@\:9?P7UGH?E7,#B2-_MDYVL.AP7P?QJ_I?@O38-5U#4M0T
MO3+F\FO7N(+EK=7E12?E^9ER/8U9_X2'5/^A





&SATVVE2*/+^=(9/OJRC9@+T!;.<\8Q7HM<__P )



US_O]

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

begin 644 g483557g31e15.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! @  9 !D  #_[  11'5C:WD  0 $    9   _^X #D%D
M;V)E &3      ?_; (0  0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0( @( @( @( P,# P,# P,# P$! 0$! 0$ 0$
M @(! @(# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,#
M P,# P,# P,#_\  $0@ + !N P$1  (1 0,1 ?_$ +,   ( @(# 0


1(&01
'46%Q(C*!
MH4(4D;'!T146\.%28I(S%_%R@M(D-*(C0U.#5%7_V@ 
 P$  A$#$0 _ ']]



MSJ ^0Z\2)$XD2)Q(D*G=ZKN?Y=891)L!V@/)QG?9)2(@


]9GVJ=M/;[)W^3


M\%DED3W5S*MT23&(*[CM=55G8*I8$T?3-(U-N:546*5VZ:A1$B!O6^-U=1K
MM,M,F6)E!,]+'8B6T'83\*9$J@5
85ETW)?M[UKJ*4ZF.&E,&-!];CDT#!
M3D(^O;8ZEG#?5FZJ;WMQM1F,38(QBL]D]EVVZ?**-B/(RK15@IN&RTR_G:W


JS?S

OEZA4Y;U_NG[H'WW(^X


M9;G2XX=Q!6YMU0VMVIMTD*9%V!I%NNMDK+]DD6#Z/+(042W9J)PZ*AS JDB0



\\
DALV0D6



8[A+$.


MS'E%0'(X*N.'=F8/#MGG-M?9RVY6MOLH?/^\:2AX^2W3U;E&B&/
623E
%




^X:W(XGS;@ZWU:Q%
MB

)=##7V
MOLMPM=P=9:@.FW)0CF^8/7$%J9A


-:S[:
MWK)H63)E?*I)6GR

M)
IP])'?'R\R!Q

*!@@I1BRE7$

MH;(V\G#D5D'*N6Q96^

D95)




HHG&NU'#=U&6BM'56/U(Z0151






M%$AJ=L7VF4VM6*F80K$6C7J3F'.]S5D7CZ8M

M#$.82G7 ]?[3NZHL5AG3J%Q_


MON^M9-F4]/+:T/Q0M:A(!S)/'L018NCL-ML\AVY;J&N;+D


F[E)ZGM+6-9*XB'TP^B:K&2+5PU@X!




L8DYEQR [R?=CV0EZ229K75TX'D
S7




R:T/3/22
MA/L!6.YMNN9;;Y35DXD2&O:'I^RN


MS%DIXWJ,4B=5[/6Z;8P[0E*(BDU*Y5*XD':GDFW;D575




+9
V6Y*/I

MPAK0USEX%RX9A

M5]







9G.YWGYO


\2)$XD2)Q(D?_]D!
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 30
 2017
Feb. 21
 2018
Jul. 01
 2017































  2017

































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



081
348











974.8




































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Millions



Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Revenue
 net

269.7


623.2


187.3





142.0









127.7







Selling
 general and administrative expenses

042.7







Loss on disposal of property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net


























Other (income) expense
 net








Interest expense
 net



































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes (Note 2)































































































































078


290


037





078


290


037

















































































Costs incurred to effect a business combination which have been expensed during the period. Such costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.






















































































Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.










































































































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.



















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)





















































































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax









Unrealized (loss) gain on derivative instruments
 net of tax



























































































































 $0.3 million tax benefit and $1.0 million tax expense for the years ended December 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016










































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.

























































Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)




















































































Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.

























































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016











Pension benefit plan
 tax expense (benefit)








Derivative instruments
 tax (benefit) expense












Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 after reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount
 after reclassification adjustment
 of tax (expense) benefit for (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income of defined benefit plan.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
















Accounts receivable
 net of allowance of $7.8 ($6.3 as of December 31
 2016)


































Property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net








104.7


048.3



Intangible assets
 net













Other long-term assets
 net















093.1


939.7















































542.6









135.4


























207.4


065.9

















Common shares
 no par-139
488
805 shares issued (December 31
 2016- 138
591
100 shares issued)


















































093.1


939.7




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.





















































































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 with jurisdictional netting and classified as noncurrent.




























Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
























































Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).

























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Accounts receivable
 allowance






Capital stock
 no par value






Capital stock
 shares issued

488
805


591
100







A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.

























































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes







































































Unrealized commodity hedging (gain) loss
 net








Gain on extinguishment of debt
 net








Loss on disposal of property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net

















Change in operating assets and liabilities
 net of acquisitions:







































































Acquisitions
 net of cash received








Additions to property
 plant &amp; equipment

















Proceeds from sale of property
 plant &amp; equipment and sale-leaseback





















052.6)
















































































































































































Cash &amp; cash equivalents and restricted cash
 beginning of period








Cash &amp; cash equivalents
 end of period








Cash &amp; cash equivalents of discontinued operations
 end of period








Cash &amp; cash equivalents from continuing operations
 end of period

















Additions to property
 plant &amp; equipment through accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other liabilities












































Cash paid for income taxes
 net




























































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies. Excludes amounts for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.

























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.




























Amount of cash outflow
 not made soon after acquisition date of business combination
 to settle contingent consideration liability up to amount recognized at acquisition date
 including
 but not limited to
 measurement period adjustment and less amount paid soon after acquisition date.



















































































































Amount of cash outflow for cost from early extinguishment and prepayment of debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 third-party cost
 premium paid
 and other fee paid to lender directly for debt extinguishment or debt prepayment. Excludes accrued interest.




























The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























Cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests
 generally out of earnings.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
























































Amount of unrealized gain (loss) related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 recorded in results of operations to the extent that the cash flow hedge is determined to be ineffective.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Balance at Jan. 03
 2015















Balance
 shares at Jan. 03
 2015




073
000



























Common shares repurchased and cancelled
 shares




000)



























Common shares issued - Equity Incentive Plan
 shares




000



























Common shares issued - Equity issuance
 shares




215
000



























Common shares issued - Reinvestment
 shares




000











































































































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax















Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments
 net of tax















































Balance at Jan. 02
 2016















Balance
 shares at Jan. 02
 2016




695
000



























Common shares repurchased and cancelled
 shares




000)



























Common shares issued - Equity Incentive Plan
 shares




327
000



























Common shares issued - Equity issuance
 shares




853
000



























Common shares issued - Reinvestment
 shares




000



























Common shares issued - Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 shares




000











































































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax















Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments
 net of tax































Balance at Dec. 31
 2016















Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2016

591
100



591
000











































Common shares repurchased and cancelled
 shares




000)



























Common shares issued - Equity Incentive Plan
 shares




004
000



























Common shares issued - Reinvestment
 shares




000



























Common shares issued - Employee Stock Purchase Plan
 shares




000











































































Pension benefit plan
 net of tax















Unrealized gain (loss) on derivative instruments
 net of tax































Balance at Dec. 30
 2017















Balance
 shares at Dec. 30
 2017

488
805



489
000















 $0.3 million tax benefit and $1.0 million tax expense for the years ended December 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016







































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.




























Amount of paid and unpaid common stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).




























Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash
 stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.




























Decrease in noncontrolling interest (for example
 but not limited to
 redeeming or purchasing the interests of noncontrolling shareholders
 issuance of shares (interests) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary to the parent entity for other than cash
 and a buyback of shares (interest) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary from the noncontrolling interests).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments
 of increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)



























Amount
 after tax and reclassification adjustment
 of (increase) decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income for defined benefit plan.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.



















































































































Number of shares (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.



















































































































Value of stock (or other type of equity) issued during the period as a result of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)
 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 As used herein
 &#x201C;Cott
&#x201D; &#x201C;the Company
&#x201D;
 &#x201C;our Company
&#x201D; &#x201C;Cott Corporation
&#x201D;
 &#x201C;we
&#x201D; &#x201C;us
&#x201D; or &#x201C;our&#x201D; refers to
 Cott Corporation
 together with its consolidated subsidiaries. Cott
 is a route based service company with a leading volume-based
 national presence in the North America and European home and office
 delivery (&#x201C;HOD&#x201D;) industry for bottled water and a
 leader in custom coffee roasting
 blending of iced tea and extract
 solutions for the U.S. foodservice industry.&#xA0;Our platform
 reaches over 2.4&#xA0;million customers or delivery points across
 North America and Europe supported by strategically located sales
 and distribution facilities and fleets
 as well as wholesalers and
 distributors.&#xA0;This enables us to efficiently service
 residences
 businesses
 restaurant chains
 hotels and motels
 small
 and large retailers
 and healthcare facilities.
 



































The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity.  Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 

 These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) using the U.S. dollar as the reporting
 currency
 as the majority of our business and the majority of our
 shareowners are in the United States.

 At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four
 reporting segments
 Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our
 DS Services of America
 Inc. (&#x201C;DSS&#x201D;)
 Aquaterra
 Corporation (&#x201C;Aquaterra&#x201D;)
 Eden Springs Europe B.V.
 (&#x201C;Eden&#x201D;) and S. &amp; D. Coffee
 Inc.
 (&#x201C;S&amp;D&#x201D;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott
 United Kingdom (&#x201C;Cott U.K.&#x201D;) and All Other (which
 included our Mexico and Royal Crown International
 (&#x201C;RCI&#x201D;) operating segments).

 During the third quarter of 2017
 we reviewed our reporting
 segments as a result of the Transaction (as defined below).
 Following such review
 we reorganized our reporting segments into
 three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our
 DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract
 Solutions (which includes our S&amp;D business) and All Other
 (which includes our Aimia Foods (&#x201C;Aimia&#x201D;) and Decantae
 Mineral Water Ltd. (&#x201C;Decantae&#x201D;) business
 our RCI
 concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility
 and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have
 been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our
 corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment; it
 includes certain general and administrative costs that are not
 allocated to any of the reporting segments.

 For the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 we had 52 weeks of activity. For the year
 ended January&#xA0;2
 2016
 we had four additional shipping days in
 our Route Based Services reporting segment
 which we estimate
 contributed $12.5&#xA0;million of additional revenue and
 $0.1&#xA0;million of additional operating income for the year ended
 January&#xA0;2
 2016.

 

 The Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts
 our
 wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures
 that we control. All intercompany transactions and accounts have
 been eliminated in consolidation.

 

 On July&#xA0;24
 2017
 we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
 with Refresco Group N.V.
 a Dutch public company
 (&#x201C;Refresco&#x201D;)
 pursuant to which we sold to Refresco
 on
 January&#xA0;30
 2018
 our carbonated soft drinks
 (&#x201C;CSDs&#x201D;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North
 America
 United Kingdom (&#x201C;U.K.&#x201D;) and Mexico business
 units (including the Canadian business) and our RCI finished goods
 export business (collectively
 &#x201C;Traditional Business&#x201D;
 and such transaction
 the &#x201C;Transaction&#x201D;). The
 Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian
 business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries
 engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions
 after we completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate deal
 consideration was $1.25&#xA0;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other
 customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the
 sale of the Traditional Business representing a strategic shift and
 having a major effect on our operations
 the Traditional Business
 is presented herein as discontinued operations. The Traditional
 Business excludes our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI
 concentrate businesses and our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing
 facility.

 For all periods presented
 the operating results associated with
 the Traditional Business have been reclassified into net income
 (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and the assets and
 liabilities associated with this business have been reflected as
 current and long-term assets and liabilities of discontinued
 operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash flows from the
 Company&#x2019;s discontinued operations are presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented.
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on a
 continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted.

 &#xA0;

&#xA0;for the three
 and nine months ended September&#xA0;30
 2017
 the Company
 originally reported the $525.0&#xA0;million of 5.375% senior notes
 due 2022 (the &#x201C;2022 Notes&#x201D;)
 the $625.0&#xA0;million of
 6.75% senior notes due 2020 (the &#x201C;2020 Notes&#x201D;)
 the
 asset-based lending facility (the &#x201C;ABL facility&#x201D;) and
 certain other debt as liabilities of discontinued
 operations.&#xA0;However
 since Refresco did not assume the debt
 upon closing of the sale of the Traditional Business
 these items
 should not have been classified as discontinued
 operations.&#xA0;Management has evaluated this misclassification
 and determined the amounts are not material to the previously
 issued financial statements.&#xA0;The 2022 Notes
 the 2020 Notes
 and certain other debt are presented as &#x201C;Debt required to be
 repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&#x201D; and the ABL
 facility is presented as &#x201C;Short-term borrowings required to
 be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&#x201D; on the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 

 The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
 financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates. The Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates
 and assumptions that
 in the opinion of management
 were
 significant to the underlying amounts representing the future
 valuation of intangible assets
 long-lived assets and goodwill
 realization of deferred income tax assets
 the resolution of tax
 contingencies and projected benefit plan obligations.

 

 We recognize revenue
 net of sales returns
 when ownership passes
 to customers for products manufactured in our own plants and/or by
 third-parties on our behalf
 and when prices to our customers are
 fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. This
 may be upon shipment of goods or upon delivery to the customer
 depending on contractual terms. Shipping and handling costs paid by
 the customer to us are included in revenue. Although we
 occasionally accept returns of products from our customers
 historically returns have not been material.

 We also recognize rental income on filtration
 brewers and
 dispensing equipment at customer locations based on the terms of
 the related rental agreements
 which are generally measured based
&#xA0;periods.
 Amounts billed to customers for rental in future periods are
 deferred and included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 

 We participate in various incentive programs with our customers
 including volume-based incentives
 contractual rebates and
 promotional allowances. Volume incentives are based on our
 customers achieving volume targets for a period of time. Volume
 incentives and contractual rebates are deducted from revenue and
 accrued as the incentives are earned and are based on
 management&#x2019;s estimate of the total the customer is expected
 to earn and claim. Promotional allowances are accrued at the time
 of revenue recognition and are deducted from revenue based on
 either the volume shipped or the volume sold at the retailer
 location
 depending on the terms of the allowance. We regularly
 review customer sales forecasts to ensure volume targets will be
 met and adjust incentive accruals and revenues accordingly.

 

 We record costs associated with the manufacturing of our products
 in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to store
 prepare and move products between production facilities or from
 production facilities to branch locations or storage facilities are
 recorded in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to
 deliver products from our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segment branch locations to
&#xA0;consumer of
 those products are recorded in selling
 general and administrative
 (&#x201C;SG&amp;A&#x201D;) expenses. All other costs incurred in
 shipment of products from our production facilities to customer
 locations are reflected in cost of sales. Shipping and handling
 costs included in SG&amp;A were $440.8&#xA0;million
 $360.4&#xA0;million
 and $281.9&#xA0;million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively. Finished goods inventory costs include the cost
 of direct labor and materials and the applicable share of overhead
 expense chargeable to production.


 general and administrative expenses

 We record all other expenses not charged to production as SG&amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are expensed at the commencement of an
 advertising campaign and are recognized as a component of SG&amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are not significant to any reporting
 segment other than Route Based Services. Advertising costs expensed
 were approximately $21.6 million
 $20.8&#xA0;million
 and
 $18.0&#xA0;million for the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 

 We have in effect equity incentive plans under which Time-based
 RSUs
 Performance-based RSUs
&#xA0;stock
 options and director share awards have been granted (as such terms
 are defined in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements).
 Share-based compensation expense for all share-based compensation
 awards is based on the grant-date fair value. We recognized these
 compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite
 service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of
 three years
 and account for forfeitures when they occur. The fair
 value of the Company&#x2019;s Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based
 RSUs and director share awards are based on the closing market
 price of its common shares on the date of grant as stated on the
&#xA0;options
 as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
 model. This model considers
 among other factors
 the expected life
 of the award
 the expected volatility of the Company&#x2019;s share
 price
 and expected dividends. The Company records share-based
 compensation expense in SG&amp;A expenses.

 All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based
 compensation are recognized in results of operations at settlement
 or expiration of the award. The excess tax benefit or deficiency is
 calculated as the difference between the grant date price and the
 price of our common shares on the vesting or exercise date.

 

 Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments
 with original maturities not exceeding three months at the time of
 purchase. The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 approximate the amounts shown on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
 due to their short-term nature.

 

 A portion of our accounts receivable is not expected to be


 and deductions. Our accounting policy for the allowance for
 doubtful accounts requires us to reserve an amount based on the
 evaluation of the aging of accounts receivable
 detailed analysis
 of high-risk customers&#x2019; accounts
 and the overall market and
 economic conditions of our customers. This evaluation considers the
 customer demographic
 such as large retailers as compared to small
 businesses or individual customers. We consider our accounts
 receivable delinquent or past due based on payment terms
 established with each customer. Accounts receivable are written off
 when the account is determined to be uncollectible.

 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on

&#xA0;method
 or net realizable value. Returnable bottles are valued at the lower
 of cost
 deposit value or net realizable value. Finished goods
&#xA0;include
 the inventory costs of raw materials
 direct labor and
 manufacturing overhead costs. As a result
 we use an inventory
 reserve to adjust our inventory costs down to a net realizable
 value and to reserve for estimated obsolescence of both raw
 materials and finished goods.

 

 The Company generally collects deposits on three- and five-gallon
 bottles used by its HOD customers. Such deposits are refunded only
 after customers return such bottles in satisfactory condition. The
 associated bottle deposit liability is estimated based on the
 number of water customers
 average consumption and return rates and
 bottle deposit market rates. The Company analyzes these assumptions
 quarterly and adjusts the bottle deposit liability as
 necessary.


 plant and equipment

 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation. Depreciation is allocated between cost of sales and
 SG&amp;A expenses and is determined using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

 Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
 over the remaining life of the lease or useful life of the asset
 whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
 operating expense when incurred.

 

 Goodwill represents the excess purchase price of acquired
 businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill
 is not amortized
 but instead is tested for impairment at least
 annually.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes our goodwill on a reporting segment
 basis as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


&#xA0;Tea
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Balance January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill acquired during the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Goodwill acquired during the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Adjustments&#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route
 Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions segments
 in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;D (see Note 3




 Cott operates through five operating segments: Route Based
 Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 Aimia
 RCI and
 Decantae. Route Based Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 are also reportable segments and Aimia
 RCI and Decantae are
 combined and disclosed in the All Other category. We test goodwill
 for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth
 quarter
 based on our reporting unit carrying values
 calculated as
&#xA0;bearing
 liabilities
 as of the end of the third quarter
 or more frequently
 if we determine a triggering event has occurred during the year.
 Any impairment loss is recognized in our results of operations. We
 evaluate goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit basis
 which
 is an operating segment or a level below an operating segment
 referred to as a component. A component of an operating segment is
 a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which
 discrete financial information is available and management
 regularly reviews the operating results of that component. However
 two or more components of an operating segment are aggregated and
 deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar
 economic characteristics. Our Route Based Services operating
 segment was determined to have three components
 DSS
 Aquaterra and
 Eden. We have determined that DSS and Aquaterra have similar
 economic characteristics and have aggregated them as a single
 reporting unit for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment
 (&#x201C;DSSAqua&#x201D;). For the purpose of testing goodwill for
 impairment in 2017
 we have determined our reporting units are
 DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. DSSAqua and Eden
 are components of the Route Based Services operating segment.
 S&amp;D is a component of the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 operating segment.

 We had goodwill of $1
104.7&#xA0;million on our Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 which represents amounts
 for the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae reporting
 units.

 In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company early adopted Accounting


 &#x2013; Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for
 Goodwill Impairment
&#x201D; as part of the annual goodwill
 impairment testing. We have the option of performing a qualitative
 assessment to determine whether any further quantitative testing
 for a potential impairment is necessary. Our qualitative assessment
 will use judgments including
 but not limited to
 changes in the
 general economic environment
 industry considerations
 current
 economic performance compared to historical economic performance
 entity-specific events and events affecting our reporting units
 where applicable. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment
 or if we determine
 based upon our assessment of those qualitative
 factors that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
 reporting unit is less than its net carrying value
 a quantitative
 assessment is required. Quantitative testing requires the fair
 value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value.
 If the reporting unit&#x2019;s carrying value exceeds its fair
 value
 an impairment charge is recognized for the difference.

 For purposes of the 2017 annual test
 we elected to perform a
 qualitative assessment for our RCI and Decantae reporting units to
 assess whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of
 these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In
 performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of
 factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a
 negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial
 performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant reporting unit events
 the impact of which are
 all significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the RCI and Decantae reporting units were greater than
 their respective carrying amount
 including goodwill
 indicating no
 impairment. Goodwill allocated to the RCI and Decantae reporting
 units as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 is $4.5&#xA0;million and
 $1.7&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 For the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 we
 elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and performed a
 quantitative analysis due to a decline in 2017 actual versus
 projected operating results for DSSAqua and Aimia
 and to establish
 a baseline reference for Eden and S&amp;D as 2017 was the first
 full year of operations for these businesses. We determined the
 fair value of each reporting unit being evaluated using a mix of
 the income approach (which is based on the discounted cash flows of
 the reporting unit) and the guideline public company approach. We
 weighted the income approach and the guideline public company
 approach at 50% each to determine the fair value of each reporting
 unit. We believe using a combination of these approaches provides a
 more accurate valuation because it incorporates the expected cash
 generation of the Company in addition to how a third-party market
 participant would value the reporting unit. As the business is
 assumed to continue in perpetuity
 the discounted future cash flows
 includes a terminal value. Critical assumptions used in our 2017
 valuation of the reporting units include the weighted-average
 terminal growth rates of 2.5%
 1.5%
 2.5% and 2.0% and discount
 rates of 8.0%
 9.0%
 8.5% and 11.0% for our DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 and Aimia reporting units
 respectively. The terminal growth rate
 assumption incorporated into the discounted cash flow calculation
 reflects our long-term view of the market and industry
 projected
 changes in the sale of our products
 pricing of such products and
 operating profit margins. The discount rate was determined using
 various factors and sensitive assumptions
 including bond yields
 size premiums and tax rates. This rate was based on the weighted
 average cost of capital a market participant would use if
 evaluating the reporting unit as an investment. These assumptions
 are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our
 best estimate of assumptions that market participants would use to
 determine the fair value of the respective reporting units. The key
 inputs into the discounted cash flow analysis were consistent with
 market data
 where available
 indicating that the assumptions used
 were in a reasonable range of observable market data.

 Based on the quantitative assessment including consideration of the
 sensitivity of the assumptions made and methods used to determine
 fair value
 industry trends and other relevant factors
 we noted
 that the estimated fair values of DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia
 reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately
 42.5%
 17.4%
 25.9% and 19.2%
 respectively. Therefore no goodwill
 impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017. Goodwill allocated to the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 are
 $612.0&#xA0;million
 $324.7&#xA0;million
 $117.8&#xA0;million and
 $44.0&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 In addition
 we note that goodwill held by reporting units in our
 Traditional Business totaled $136.8&#xA0;million at
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and is included in long-term assets of
 discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We
 elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our Traditional
 Business reporting units to assess whether it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their
 respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited
 to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash
 flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted
 projections in prior periods
 the aggregate deal consideration of
 $1.25&#xA0;billion for the sale of the Traditional Business and
 other relevant reporting unit events
 all of which require the use
 of significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the Traditional Business reporting units were greater
 than their respective carrying amounts
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment.

 Each year during the fourth quarter
&#xA0;the
 assumptions used in our assessments
 such as revenue growth rates
 operating profit margins and discount rates
 to reflect any
 significant changes in the business environment that could
 materially affect the fair value of our reporting units. Based on
 the evaluations performed in 2017
 we determined that the fair
 value of each of our reporting units exceeded their carrying
 amounts.

 

 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 our intangible assets subject to
 amortization
 net of accumulated amortization were
 $462.5&#xA0;million
 consisting principally of $428.7&#xA0;million
 of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&#xA0;million of software
 and $14.2&#xA0;million of patents.
 Customer relationships are typically amortized on an accelerated
 basis for the period over which we expect to receive the economic
 benefits. With the S&amp;D Acquisition
 Eden Acquisition
 and
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 the acquired customer relationships are
 amortized over the expected remaining useful life of those
 relationships on a basis that reflects the pattern of realization
&#xA0;cash
 flows. We review the estimated useful life of these intangible
 assets annually
 unless a review is required more frequently due a
 triggering event
 such as a loss of a significant customer. Our
 review of the estimated useful life takes into consideration the
 specific net cash flows related to the intangible asset. The
 permanent loss of
 or significant decline in sales to customers
 included in the intangible asset would result in either an
 impairment in the value of the intangible asset or an accelerated
 amortization of any remaining value and could lead to an impairment
 of the fixed assets that were used to service that customer. In
 2016
 we recorded $11.4&#xA0;million in customer relationships
 acquired with the Aquaterra Acquisition
 $134.1&#xA0;million in
 customer relationships acquired with the Eden Acquisition
 and
 $113.7&#xA0;million in customer relationships acquired with the
 S&amp;D Acquisition. We did not record impairment charges for other
 intangible assets in 2017
 2016 or 2015.

 &#xA0;

 Our intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to the 2001
 acquisition of intellectual property from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 and include the right to manufacture our concentrates
 with
 all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and
 manufacturing information
&#xA0;and the use
 of the Royal Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the
 &#x201C;Rights&#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of
 DSS (the &#x201C;DSS Trademarks&#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the
 acquisition of Eden (the &#x201C;Eden Trademarks&#x201D;)
 and
 trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Aquaterra (the
 &#x201C;Aquaterra Trademarks&#x201D;). These assets have an aggregate
 net book value of $288.6&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;30
 2017.
 There are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
 economic
 or other factors that limit the useful life of these intangible
 assets.

 The life of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and
 Aquaterra Trademarks are considered to be indefinite and therefore
 these intangible assets are not amortized. Rather
 they are tested
 for impairment at least annually or more frequently if we determine
 a triggering event has occurred during the year. We compare the
 carrying amount of the intangible asset to its fair value and when
 the carrying amount is greater than the fair value
 we recognize in
 income an impairment loss. During the fourth quarter of 2017
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 value of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra
 Trademarks were greater than their respective carrying value
 indicating no impairment.

 We assessed qualitative factors to determine whether the existence
 of events or circumstances indicated that it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks
 were less than their respective carrying value. The qualitative
 factors we assessed included macroeconomic conditions
 industry and
 market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative
 effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance
 compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other
 relevant events
 the impact of which are all significant judgements
 and estimates. We concluded that it was more likely than not that
 the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were more
 than its carrying value and therefore we were not required to
 perform any additional testing.

 To determine the fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden
 Trademarks
 we use a relief from royalty method of the income
 approach
 which calculates a fair value royalty rate that is
 applied to revenue forecasts associated with those trademarks. The
 resulting cash flows are discounted using a rate to reflect the
 risk of achieving the projected royalty savings attributable to the
 trademarks. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
 these trademarks are subjective and require significant management
 judgment
 including estimated future revenues
 the fair value
 royalty rate (which is estimated to be a reasonable market royalty
 charge that would be charged by a licensor of the trademarks) and
 the risk adjusted discount rate. Based on our impairment test
 the
 estimated fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden Trademarks
 exceeded the carrying value by approximately 18.0% and 28.0%
 respectively. If actual revenues in future periods
 are less than
 currently projected for the DSS Trademarks and Eden Trademarks
 these trademarks could be impaired.

 

 When adverse events occur
 we compare the carrying amount of
 long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
 at the lowest level of independent cash flows for the group of
 long-lived assets and recognize any impairment loss based on
 discounted cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 taking into consideration the timing of testing and the
 asset&#x2019;s remaining useful life. The expected life and value of
 these long-lived assets is based on an evaluation of the
 competitive environment
 history and future prospects as
 appropriate. We did not record impairments of long-lived assets in
 2017 or 2016. As part of normal business operations
 we identify
 long-lived assets that are no longer productive and are disposed.
 Losses on disposals of assets are presented separately in our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations as part of operating income.
 We recognized losses on disposal of property
 plant&#xA0;&amp;
 equipment
 net of $10.2&#xA0;million for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 ($6.6 million&#x2014;December 31
 2016; $4.2
 million&#x2014;January 2
 2016).

 

 We use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to
 movements in foreign currencies and certain commodity prices. All
 derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use derivative financial
 instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We manage credit
 risk related to the derivative financial instruments by requiring
 high credit standards for our counterparties and periodic
 settlements. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information on our derivative financial
 instruments.

 

&#xA0;active
 operations
 all of which are self-sustaining
 are translated to
 U.S. dollars at the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet
 dates. Revenues and expenses are translated using average monthly
 exchange rates prevailing during the period. The resulting gains or
 losses are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss.

 &#xA0;

 

 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the
 differences between the financial statement carrying amount of
 assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 using
 currently enacted income tax rates. A valuation allowance is
 established to reduce deferred income tax assets if
 on the basis
 of available evidence
 it is not more likely than not that all or a
 portion of any deferred tax assets will be realized. The
 consideration of available evidence requires significant management
 judgment including an assessment of the future periods in which the
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized and
 projections of future taxable income.

 The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets
 related to net
 operating losses
 is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income during the periods prior to their expiration. If our
 estimates and assumptions about future taxable income are not
 appropriate
 the value of our deferred tax assets may not be
 recoverable
 which may result in an increase to our valuation
 allowance that will impact current earnings.

 We account for uncertain tax positions using
&#xA0;process.
 The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by
 determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it
 is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on
 audit
 including resolution of related appeals or litigation
 processes
 based on the technical merits. The second step requires
 management to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest
 amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate
 settlement. It is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate
 such amounts
 as we have to determine the probability of various
&#xA0;these
 uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is
 based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or
 circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under
 audit
 and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or
 measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an
 additional charge to the tax provision.

 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
 benefits within the income tax (benefit) expense line in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and we include
 accrued interest and penalties within the accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities or the prepaid expenses and other current
 assets line in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

 

 We record annual amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans
 based on calculations
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates and assumed rates of return on plan assets
 depending on the pension plan. Material changes in pension costs
 may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future
 annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
 changes in the level of contributions to the plans and other
 factors. The funded status is the difference between the fair value
 of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Future actuarial gains
 or losses that are not recognized as net periodic benefits cost in
 the same periods will be recognized as a component of other
 comprehensive income.

 

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Inventory (Topic 330)

 In July 2015
&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Inventory (Topic 330) to simplify the accounting for inventory. The
 guidance requires entities to measure most inventory at the lower
 of cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the
 estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business
 less
 reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and
 transportation. The Company adopted the provisions of this guidance
 effective January&#xA0;1
 2017
 and applied it prospectively to all
 periods presented. The adoption of this standard did not have a
 material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Intangibles&#x2014;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)

 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance&#xA0;regarding
 goodwill impairment. The amendments remove certain conditions of
 the goodwill impairment test and simplify the computation of
 impairment. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim
 periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 for any tests performed after January&#xA0;1
 2017. The amendments
 in this update should be applied prospectively
 with disclosure
 required as to the nature of and reason for the change in
 accounting principle upon transition. In the fourth quarter of
 2017
&#xA0;as part of
 the annual goodwill impairment testing.

 &#xA0;

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements to
 Accounting for Hedging Activities

 In August 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the
 improvement of accounting for hedging transactions. This new
 standard simplifies and expands the eligible hedging strategies for
&#xA0;risks.
 It also enhances the transparency of how hedging results are
 presented and disclosed. Further
 the new standard provides partial
 relief on the timing of certain aspects of hedge documentation and
 eliminates the requirement to recognize hedge ineffectiveness
 separately in earnings. The guidance is designed to align hedge
 accounting with a company&#x2019;s risk management activities and
 simplifies its application through targeted improvements by
 expanding the list of items eligible to be hedged and amending the
 methods used to measure the effectiveness of hedging relationships.
 Additionally it prescribes how hedging results should be presented
 and requires incremental disclosures. The amendments in this update
 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company
 has early adopted
 in an interim period
 the targeted improvements
 to accounting for hedging activities. The transition date is
 October&#xA0;1
 2017 (&#x201D;Adoption Date&#x201D;). The impacts to
 the Company at the Adoption Date are limited to S&amp;D&#x2019;s
 outstanding coffee futures contracts. Adoption of
&#xA0;did not
 result in a cumulative adjustment to the opening balance of
 retained earnings and did not have any other material effect on the
 results of operations
 financial position or cash flows of the
 Company.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts with
 Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic 842)
 &#x2013; Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff
 Announcement at the July&#xA0;20
 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission
 of Prior SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments

 In August 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance that
 delays the mandatory adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 for
 certain entities
 revises the guidance related to performance-based
 incentive fees in Topic 605 and revises the guidance related to
 leases in Topic 840 and Topic 842. The revisions to the lease
 guidance eliminate language specific to certain sale-leaseback
 arrangements
 guarantees of lease residual assets and loans made by
 lessees to owner-lessors. Also included is an amendment to Topic
 842 to retain the guidance in Topic 840 covering the impact of
 changes in tax rates on investments in leveraged leases. This
 standard
 which is effective immediately
 generally relates to the
 adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 and did not have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

 

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

 In May 2014
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding revenue
 recognition and created a new Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
 with Customers. The objectives for creating Topic 606 were to
 remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue recognition
 provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues
 provide more useful information to users of the financial
 statements through improved disclosure requirements
 simplify the
 preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of
 requirements to which an entity must refer
 and improve
 comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. The core principle
 of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to
 depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
 an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
 expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To
 achieve the core principle
 an entity should apply the following
 steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 2) identify the
 performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the
 transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the
 performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue
 when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. For
 public entities
 the amendments are effective for annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim
 periods within that reporting period. The amendments may be applied
 retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or
 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying
 the amendment recognized at the date of initial application.

 We will adopt this guidance and related amendments as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2017. The standard permits the use of either the
 retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company
 has elected the cumulative effect method. We will be required to
 comply with expanded disclosure requirements
 including the
 disaggregation of revenues to depict the nature and uncertainty of
 types of revenues
 contract assets and liabilities
 current period
 revenues previously recorded as a liability
 performance
 obligations
 significant judgments and estimates affecting the
 amount and timing of revenue recognition
 determination of
 transaction prices
 and allocation of transaction prices to
 performance obligations.

 During 2017
 the Company completed its analysis of the impact of
 the standard on its contract types
 and concluded the adoption of
 this standard will not have a material impact on our Consolidated
 Financial Statements. We have also modified current processes and
 controls to apply the requirements of the new standard. We do not
 believe such modifications are material to our internal controls
 over financial reporting.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Leases (Topic 842)

 In February 2016
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 lease accounting for lessees and lessors. This update revises
 accounting for operating leases by a lessee
 among other changes
 and requires a lessee to recognize a liability to make lease
 payments and an asset representing its right to use the underlying
 asset for the lease term in the balance sheet. The distinction
 between finance and operating leases has not changed and the update
 does not significantly change the effect of finance and operating
 leases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Additionally
 this update
 requires both qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures.
 For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption
 permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the
 earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available.

 We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard
 on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company is evaluating
 the standard&#x2019;s applicability to our various contractual
 arrangements. We currently believe that the most significant
 changes relate to the recognition of new right of use assets and
 lease liabilities for real estate and equipment leases
 which will
 result in increases to our assets and liabilities on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that substantially all of
 our lessee lease arrangements will continue to be classified as
 operating leases under the new standard.&#xA0;Additionally
 we had
 $19.9&#xA0;million of deferred gains at December&#xA0;31
 2016
 associated with sale-leaseback transactions which are currently
 being amortized over the leaseback term. Upon adoption of this
 standard
 we will be required to recognize the unamortized deferred
 gain at January&#xA0;1
 2017 as a cumulative effect adjustment to
 equity. In addition
 upon adoption of this standard
 deferred gains
 related to the sale-leaseback transactions completed in 2017 of
 $7.9&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017 will be recognized in
 net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017.

 The standard also requires lessors to classify leases as
 sales-type
 direct financing or operating leases
 similar to
 existing guidance. We believe that substantially all of our lessor
 lease arrangements will continue to be classified as operating
 leases under the new standard.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Financial Instruments &#x2013; Credit Losses (Topic 326)

 In June 2016
 the FASB amended its guidance to measure all expected
 credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based
 on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and
 supportable forecasts. Entities will now use forward-looking
 information to better form their credit loss estimates. The amended
 guidance also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial
 statement users better understand significant estimates and
 judgments used in estimating credit losses
 as well as the credit
 quality and underwriting standards of an entity&#x2019;s portfolio.
 The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim periods
 within those fiscal years. Early adoption will be permitted for
 fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be
 applied using a prospective or modified retrospective transition
 method
 depending on the area covered in this update. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

-01 &#x2013; Business
 Combination (Topic 805)

 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding business
 combinations. The amendment clarified the definition of a business
 with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
 evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
 acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amendments
 provide an analysis of fair value of assets acquired to determine
 when a set of assets is not a business
 and uses more stringent
 criteria related to inputs
 substantive process
 and outputs to
 determine if a business exists. The amendments in this update are
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early
 adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied
 prospectively on or after the effective date with no requirement
 for disclosures at transition.&#xA0;We are currently assessing the
 impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Compensation&#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715)

 In March 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement pension cost
 and requires the service cost
 component to be presented in the same line item or items as other
 compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent
 employees during the period. The other components of net benefit
 cost are required to be presented in the income statement
 separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal
 of income from operations. The amendments in this update also allow
 only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization
 when applicable. For public entities
 the amendments in this update
 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with
 early adoption permitted. At adoption
 this update will be applied
 retrospectively for the presentation of the service cost component
 and other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement benefit cost in the income statement and
 prospectively
 on or after the effective date
 for the
 capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic
 pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit in assets.
 Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an entity should provide
 disclosures about a change in accounting principle. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 &#xA0;

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Receivables&#x2014;Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs
 (Subtopic&#xA0;

 In March 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance on accounting for debt
 securities. The amendments shorten the amortization period for
 certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest
 call date. The amendments do not require an accounting change for
 securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be
 amortized to maturity. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. If an entity early
 adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should
 be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
 that interim period. At adoption
 this update will be applied using
 a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect
 adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the
 period of adoption. Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an
 entity should provide disclosures about a change in accounting
 principle. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of
 this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Stock Compensation &#x2013; Scope of Modification Accounting (Topic
 718)

 In May 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the scope of
 modification accounting for share-based compensation arrangements.
 The amendments provide guidance about which changes to the terms or
 conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
 apply modification accounting in Topic 718. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017. Early adoption is
 permitted
 including adoption in any interim period
 for public
 entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have
 not yet been issued. The amendments in this update should be
 applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption
 date. We do not expect adoption of this standard to have a
 significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)

 In February 2018
 the FASB amended its guidance which allows a
 reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to
 retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the
 comprehensive tax legislation enacted by the U.S. government on
 December 22
 2017 commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &#x201C;Tax Act&#x201D;) and requires certain disclosures about
 stranded tax effects. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 and may be applied in
 the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which
 the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate in
 the Tax Act is recognized. We are currently assessing the impact of
 adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.
 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 the Company completed the sale of the
 Traditional Business to Refresco. The Transaction was structured as
 a sale of the assets of the Canadian business and a sale of the
 stock of the operating subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional
 Business in the other jurisdictions after the Company completed an
 internal reorganization. The aggregate deal consideration was
 $1.25&#xA0;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment
 for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other customary post-closing
 adjustments. The Traditional Business excludes our Company&#x2019;s
 Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI concentrate
 businesses
 and our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility.

 In connection with the closing of the Transaction
 the Company used
 a portion of the proceeds to redeem $525.0&#xA0;million aggregate
 principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 $250.0&#xA0;million aggregate
 principal amount of the 10.000% senior secured notes due 2021 (the
 &#x201C;DSS Notes&#x201D;)
 and $262.5&#xA0;million outstanding
 balance on the ABL facility.

 The Company and Refresco have entered into a Transition Services
 Agreement pursuant to which the Company and Refresco will provide
 certain services to each other for various service periods
 with
 the longest service period being 18 months
 including tax and
 accounting services
 certain human resources services
 communications systems and support
 and insurance/risk management.
 Each party will be compensated for services rendered as set forth
 in the Transition Services Agreement. Each service period may be
 extended as set forth in the Transition Services Agreement
 up to a
 maximum extension of 180 days.

 In addition
 the Company and Refresco have entered into certain
 Manufacturing
 Agreements pursuant to which the Company and Refresco will
 manufacture and supply certain beverage products for each other and
 a Concentrate Supply Agreement pursuant to which the Company will
 supply concentrates to Refresco. Each party will be compensated for
 the products they supply as set forth in the applicable agreements.
 Manufacturing
 Agreements provide for a term of 36 months and the Concentrate
 Supply Agreement provides for a term that is coterminous with the
 term of the Transition Services Agreement.

 &#xA0;

 The major components of net income (loss) from discontinued
 operations
 net of income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Operations include the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net

 
 
1
637.1
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cost of sales

 
 
1
428.4
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating income from discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Loss from discontinued operations
 before income taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income tax (benefit) expense 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Less: Net income attributable to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income (loss) attributable to Cott Corporation &#x2013;
 discontinued operations 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 result in a gain on sale which led to certain U.S. deferred tax
 liabilities being considered as a source of future taxable income.
 As a result
 we recognized a tax benefit of approximately
 $26.9&#xA0;million related to a corresponding U.S. valuation





 

 Cott Corporation - discontinued operations is inclusive of interest
 expense on short-term borrowings and debt required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture of $49.5 million for the year
 ended December 30
 2017 (December&#xA0;31
 2016 - $81.2 million;
 January 2




 Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations presented in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 include the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash&#xA0;&amp; cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current maturities of long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Cash flows from discontinued operations included borrowings and
 payments under the ABL facility of $3
004.1&#xA0;million and
 $2
990.7&#xA0;million
 respectively
 for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 $2
401.7&#xA0;million and
 $2
318.9&#xA0;million
 respectively
 for the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and $994.5&#xA0;million and
 $1
101.8&#xA0;million
 respectively
 for the year ended
 January&#xA0;2
 2016.
 



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 

 On August&#xA0;11
 2016
 the Company acquired S&amp;D
 a premium
 coffee roaster and provider of customized coffee
 tea and extract
 solutions (the &#x201C;S&amp;D Acquisition&#x201D;). The initial
 purchase price paid by the Company in the S&amp;D Acquisition was
 $354.1&#xA0;million on a debt- and cash-free basis. Customary
 post-closing working capital adjustments were resolved in January
 2017 by the payment of $0.5&#xA0;million from the former owners of
 S&amp;D to the Company. The S&amp;D Acquisition was funded through
 a combination of incremental borrowings under the Company&#x2019;s
 ABL facility and proceeds from our June 2016 Offering (as defined
 below).

 The total consideration paid by Cott in the S&amp;D Acquisition is
 summarized below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Cash paid to sellers

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid on behalf of sellers for sellers&#x2019; transaction
 expenses

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid to retire outstanding debt on behalf of sellers

 
 
 
 




 Working capital settlement

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total consideration

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The S&amp;D Acquisition supported the Company&#x2019;s strategy to
 become a more diversified beverage provider across multiple
 channels and geographies
 as well as expanding the Company&#x2019;s
 existing coffee and tea categories. The Company has accounted for
 this transaction as a business combination which requires that
 assets acquired and liabilities assumed be measured at their
 acquisition date fair values.

 The adjusted purchase price of $353.6&#xA0;million was allocated to
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
 management&#x2019;s estimates of their fair values as of the
 acquisition date. The excess of the adjusted purchase price over
 the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill. Measurement
 period adjustments recorded during the year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017 included adjustments to property
 plant and equipment and a
 related adjustment to deferred taxes based on the results of the
 validation procedures performed
 as well as an adjustment to income
 taxes payable existing at the acquisition date. These measurement
 period adjustments did not have a material effect on our results of
 operations in prior periods.

 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 Reported
 
 
 
 Adjustments
 
 
 
 Value
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Inventory

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The amount of revenues and net loss related to the S&amp;D
 Acquisition included in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement
 of Operations for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016 for the
 period from the acquisition date through December&#xA0;31
 2016
 were $228.0&#xA0;million and $2.8&#xA0;million
 respectively.
 During the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company incurred
 $3.5&#xA0;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the
 S&amp;D Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and
 integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations
 for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016. In connection with the
 S&amp;D Acquisition
 the Company granted 416
951 common shares to
 certain S&amp;D employees which were fully vested upon issuance and
 had an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately
 $7.1&#xA0;million.

 &#xA0;

 

 On August&#xA0;2
 2016
 the Company acquired Eden
 a leading
 provider of water and coffee solutions in Europe (the &#x201C;Eden
 Acquisition&#x201D;). The initial purchase price paid by the Company
 was &#x20AC;517.9&#xA0;million (U.S. $578.5&#xA0;million at the
 exchange rate in effect on the acquisition date)
 which represented
 the &#x20AC;470.0&#xA0;million stated purchase price
 &#x20AC;17.5&#xA0;million of cash on hand
 estimated working capital
 of &#x20AC;15.4&#xA0;million
 and other items of
 &#x20AC;15.0&#xA0;million
 paid at closing in cash. The initial
 purchase price was subject to adjustments upon the determination of
 actual working capital
 net indebtedness and certain transaction
 related expenses
 and these adjustment were resolved in January
 2017 by the payment of &#x20AC;2.0&#xA0;million (U.S.
 $2.2&#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on the date of
 payment) made by the former owners of Eden to the Company. The Eden
 Acquisition was ultimately funded through a combination of proceeds
 from the issuance of &#x20AC;450&#xA0;million (U.S.
 $539.1&#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on
 December&#xA0;30
 2017) of 5.500% senior notes due July&#xA0;1
 2024 (the &#x201C;2024 Notes&#x201D;) and cash on hand.

 The total consideration paid by Cott in the Eden Acquisition is
 summarized below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Cash paid to sellers

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid on behalf of sellers to retire outstanding
 indebtedness

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net

 
 
 
 




 Working capital settlement

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total consideration

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The Eden Acquisition supported the Company&#x2019;s strategy to
 become a more diversified beverage provider across multiple
 channels and geographies
 as well as the Company&#x2019;s continuing
 strategy to acquire higher margin HOD bottled water and coffee and
 tea categories. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a
 business combination in accordance with authoritative accounting
 guidance.

 The adjusted purchase price of $576.3&#xA0;million was allocated to
 the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
 management&#x2019;s estimates of their fair values as of the
 acquisition date. The excess of the adjusted purchase price over
 the aggregate fair values was recorded as goodwill. Measurement
 period adjustments recorded during the year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017 included adjustments to property
 plant and equipment and a
 related adjustment to deferred taxes based on the results of the
 validation procedures performed
 adjustments to accounts
 receivable
 intangible assets and accrued liabilities based on a
 final review of fair values
 and an adjustment to other long-term
 liabilities based on a final analysis of certain tax positions.
 These measurement period adjustments did not have a material effect
 on our results of operations in prior periods.

 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 Reported
 
 
 
 Adjustments
 
 
 
 




 Cash&#xA0;&amp; cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Current maturities of long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The amount of revenues and net loss related to the Eden Acquisition
 included in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement of
 Operations for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016 for the period
 from the acquisition date through December&#xA0;31
 2016 were
 $156.9&#xA0;million and $14.4&#xA0;million
 respectively. During
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company incurred
 $13.5&#xA0;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the
 Eden Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and integration
 expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year
 ended December&#xA0;31
 2016.

 &#xA0;

 

 On January&#xA0;4
 2016
 the Company acquired Aquaterra (the
 &#x201C;Aquaterra Acquisition&#x201D;). Aquaterra operates a Canadian
 HOD bottled
 water and office coffee services business. The aggregate purchase
 price paid by the Company in the Aquaterra Acquisition was
 C$61.2&#xA0;million (U.S. $44.0&#xA0;million at the exchange rate
 in effect on the acquisition date). The purchase price was paid at
 closing in cash and was subject to a customary post-closing working
 capital adjustment. The post-closing adjustment was completed in
 May 2016 and resulted in the payment of $0.5&#xA0;million by the
 former owners of Aquaterra to the Company.

 This acquisition supported the Company&#x2019;s strategy to become a
 more diversified beverage provider across multiple channels and
 geographies
 as well as the Company&#x2019;s strategy to acquire
 higher margin HOD bottled water and coffee and tea services
 categories. The Company has accounted for this transaction as a
 business combination in accordance with authoritative accounting
 guidance.

 The adjusted purchase consideration of $44.0&#xA0;million was
 allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on
 their fair values as of the acquisition date. An allocation of the
 purchase price has been made to major categories of assets and
 liabilities based on management&#x2019;s estimates of their fair
 values as of the acquisition date.

 The table below summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to
 the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 




 Long-term debt

 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The amount of revenues and net income related to the Aquaterra
 Acquisition included in the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Statement
 of Operations for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016 for the
 period from the acquisition date through December&#xA0;31
 2016
 were $61.2&#xA0;million and $1.1&#xA0;million
 respectively. During
 the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the Company incurred
 $1.3&#xA0;million of acquisition-related costs associated with the
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 which are included in acquisition and
 integration expenses in the Consolidated Statement of Operations
 for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016.

 

 In our determination of the estimated fair value of intangible
 assets
 we consider
 among other factors
 the best use of acquired
 assets
 analysis of historical financial performance and estimates
 of future performance of the acquired business&#x2019; products. The
 estimated fair values of identified intangible assets are
 calculated considering both market participant assumptions
 using
 an income approach as well as estimates and assumptions provided by
 Cott management and management of the acquired business.

 The estimated fair value of customer relationships represent future
 discounted cash
 flows that will be derived from sales to existing customers of the
 acquired business as of the date of acquisition.

 &#xA0;

 The estimated fair value of trademarks and trade names represent
 the future projected cost savings associated with the premium and
 brand image obtained as a result of owning the trademark or trade
 name as opposed to obtaining the benefit of the trademark or trade
 name through a royalty or rental fee.

 agreements represent
 the future 
 discounted cash flows that are expected to be retained by the
 acquired business as a result of preventing certain employees or
 prior owners from competing with us in the specified restricted
 territories for a period of time subsequent to the date of
 acquisition or the date of termination of their employment with
 Cott
 as the case may be.

 

 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the S&amp;D Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Useful&#xA0;Life




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 agreements

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Software

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 



 

 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Eden Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Useful Life




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks and trade names

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Software

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 



 

 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Aquaterra Acquisition and
 their estimated weighted average useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Useful Life




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks and trade names

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 



 

 

 The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in
 the S&amp;D Acquisition was that the purchase price was based in
 part on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of
 administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and
 products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a
 standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the S&amp;D
 Acquisition was allocated to the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 reporting segment
 none of which is expected to be tax
 deductible.

 &#xA0;

 

 The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in
 the Eden Acquisition was that the purchase price was based in part
 on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of administration
 costs and the integration of acquired customers and products into
 our operations
 which is of greater value than on a standalone
 basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the Eden Acquisition was
 allocated to the Route Based Services reporting segment
 a portion
 of which is expected to be tax deductible.

 

 The principal factor that resulted in recognition of goodwill in
 the Aquaterra Acquisition was that the purchase price was based in
 part on cash flow projections assuming the reduction of
 administration costs and the integration of acquired customers and
 products into our operations
 which is of greater value than on a
 standalone basis. The goodwill recognized as part of the Aquaterra
 Acquisition was allocated to the Route Based Services reporting
 segment
 none of which is expected to be tax deductible.

 

 The following unaudited pro forma financial information for the
 years ended December&#xA0;31
 2016 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 represent the combined results of operations as if the S&amp;D
 Acquisition and Eden Acquisition had occurred on January&#xA0;4
 2015. Unaudited pro forma consolidated results of operations for
 the Aquaterra Acquisition were not included in the combined results
 of our operations for the years ended December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016 as the Company determined they were
 immaterial. The unaudited pro forma financial information results
 reflect certain adjustments related to these acquisitions such as
 increased amortization expense on acquired intangible assets
 resulting from the preliminary fair valuation of assets acquired.
 The unaudited pro forma financial information does not necessarily
 reflect the results of operations that would have occurred had we
 operated as a single entity during such periods.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 





 except per share amounts)

 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net loss from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net loss attributed to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net loss per common share from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net loss per common share attributed to Cott Corporation
 diluted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Other (Income) Expense
 Net


Dec. 30
 2017






Other (Income) Expense
 Net



 Net

 The following table summarizes other (income) expense
 net for the
 years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Foreign exchange (gains) losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Realized commodity hedging gains

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Unrealized commodity hedging loss (gain)
 net

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other losses (gains)
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































The entire disclosure for other income or other expense items (both operating and nonoperating). Sources of nonoperating income or nonoperating expense that may be disclosed
 include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 profits (losses) on securities
 net and miscellaneous other income or income deductions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017

Banking and Thrift
 Interest [Abstract]







 

 The following table summarizes interest expense
 net for the years
 ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Interest on long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other interest expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































The entire disclosure for interest income and interest expense for enterprises that derive a significant portion of their revenue from interest collected on investments
 loans
 and securities.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 

 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes
 consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 before income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Income tax (benefit) expense consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Outside Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 The following table reconciles income taxes calculated at the basic
 Canadian corporate rates with the income tax provision:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Income tax (benefit) expense based on Canadian statutory rates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign tax rate differential

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Local taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Nontaxable interest income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Impact of intercompany transactions and dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Nontaxable capital gains

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Dividend income

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in enacted tax rates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in uncertain tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Equity compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Permanent differences

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Adjustments to deferred taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other items

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Income tax (benefit) expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 

 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities were recognized on
 temporary differences between the financial and tax bases of
 existing assets and liabilities as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net operating loss carryforwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Capital loss carryforwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Liabilities and reserves

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The following changes were made to the December 31
 2016
 presentation of the temporary differences to conform with the
 current period presentation: Deferred tax assets associated with
 disallowed interest deductions were reclassed from net operating
 loss carryforwards to interest expense and the deferred tax asset
 associated with the unamortized premium on the DSS Notes was
 reclassed from intangible assets to interest expense.

 &#xA0;

 On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted the Tax Act
 which significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime
 by
 among other things
 lowering the U.S. corporate tax rate from
 35% to 21%
 limiting various business deductions and repealing the
 corporate alternative minimum tax. Many provisions in the Tax Act
 are generally effective in tax years beginning after December 31
 2017. U.S. GAAP requires the impact of tax legislation to be
 recognized in the period in which the law was enacted. As a result
 of the Tax Act
 we recorded tax benefits in the fourth quarter of
 2017 of $32.2 million due to a re-measurement of the U.S deferred
 tax assets and liabilities and $1.3 million due to the repeal of
 the corporate alternative minimum tax. The tax benefits represent
 provisional amounts and our current best estimates. The provisional
 amounts incorporate assumptions made based upon our current
 interpretation of the Tax Act and may be refined through the fourth
 quarter of 2018 as we receive additional clarification and
 implementation guidance.

&#xA0;in 2016 on a
 modified retrospective basis
 with a cumulative effect adjustment
 to opening retained earnings
 the table of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities shown above includes deferred tax assets at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 that arose directly from tax deductions
 related to equity compensation in excess of compensation recognized
 for financial reporting.

 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 we have outside tax basis
 differences
 including undistributed earnings
 in our foreign
 subsidiaries. For 2017
 we recorded a deferred tax asset of $3.8
 million with a corresponding valuation allowance for the reversal
 of certain outside basis differences related to the divestiture of
 the Traditional Business. Deferred taxes have not been recorded on
 the remaining undistributed earnings because the foreign subsidiary
 has the ability to repatriate funds to its parent
&#xA0;or
 the undistributed earnings are indefinitely reinvested under the
 accounting guidance. In order to arrive at this conclusion
 we
 considered factors including
 but not limited to
 past experience
 domestic cash requirements
 cash requirements to satisfy the
 ongoing operations
 capital expenditures and other financial
 obligations of our subsidiaries. It is not practicable to determine
 the excess book basis over outside tax basis in the shares or the
 amount of incremental taxes that might arise if these earnings were
 to be remitted. The amount of tax payable could be significantly
 impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made
 the
 amount of the distribution
 foreign withholding taxes under
 applicable tax laws when distributed
 relevant tax treaties and
 foreign tax credits. We repatriated earnings of $27.5&#xA0;million
 nil
 and $17.3&#xA0;million
 to Canada in 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 incurring no tax expense.

 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 we have operating loss carryforwards
 totaling $785.0&#xA0;million
 capital loss carryforwards totaling
 $17.8&#xA0;million
 and credit carryforwards totaling
 $4.1&#xA0;million. The operating loss carryforward amount was
 attributable to Canadian operating loss carryforwards of
 $129.6&#xA0;million that will expire from 2027 to 2038; U.S.
 federal and state operating loss carryforwards of
 $459.2&#xA0;million and $19.6&#xA0;million
 respectively
 that will
 expire from 2018 to 2038; Dutch operating loss carryfowards of
 $102.1&#xA0;million that will expire from 2018 to 2024; and various
 other operating loss carryforwards of $74.5&#xA0;million that will
 expire from 2018 to 2038.

 The capital loss carryforward is attributable to Canadian capital
 losses of $12.9 million and Israeli capital losses of
 $4.9&#xA0;million
 all with indefinite lives. The credit
 carryforward is attributable to a refundable U.S. federal
 alternative minimum tax credit carryforward of $1.3&#xA0;million
 other U.S. federal credit carryforwards with a limited carryforward
 life of $0.9&#xA0;million
 and U.S. state credit carryforwards of
 $1.9&#xA0;million that will expire from 2018 to 2022.

 In general
 under Section&#xA0;382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal
 Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#x201C;Code&#x201D;)
 a U.S.
 corporation that undergoes an &#x201C;ownership change&#x201D; is
 subject to limitations on its ability to utilize
&#xA0;net
 operating losses (&#x201C;NOLs&#x201D;) or tax credits to offset
 future taxable income. Therefore
 current or future changes in our
 Canadian stock ownership
 many of which are outside of our control
 could result in a U.S. ownership change under Section&#xA0;382 and
 383 of the Code. If we undergo a U.S. ownership change
 our ability
 to utilize U.S. federal or state NOLs or tax credits could be
 limited. We monitor changes in our ownership on an ongoing basis
 and do not believe we had a change of control limitation as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017.

 We establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets
 if
 based on the weight of the available evidence
 both positive
 and negative
 for each respective tax jurisdiction
 it is more
 likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets
 will not be realized. Due to recent cumulative losses
 it was
 determined in 2016 that it is more likely than not we will not
 realize the benefit of net operating loss carryforwards and other
 net deferred assets in the U.S.
 Canada
 and certain jurisdictions
 within the Eden business. The balance of the valuation allowance
 was $129.1 million and $117.7&#xA0;million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.
 The valuation allowance increase in 2017 was primarily related to
 losses in tax jurisdictions with existing valuation allowances
 but
 this increase was largely offset with valuation allowance
 reductions related to U.S. tax reform and recent acquisitions.

 Additionally
 we have determined that it is more likely than not
 that the benefit from our capital losses in Canada and Israel will
 not be realized in the future due to the uncertainty regarding
 potential future capital gains in the jurisdiction. In recognition
 of this risk
 we have provided a valuation allowance of $4.5
 million on our capital losses.

 &#xA0;

 The Transaction is anticipated to generate a taxable gain on sale
 in the U.S. which could result in a U.S. valuation allowance
 release and recognition of a material income tax benefit within the
 next twelve months.

 

 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of our
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions based on tax positions taken during a prior period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reductions based on tax positions taken during a prior period

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Settlement on tax positions taken during a prior period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax rate change

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Lapse in statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current
 period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 we had $16.2&#xA0;million of
 unrecognized tax benefits
 a net decrease of $12.4&#xA0;million
 from $28.6&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;31
 2016. If we
 recognized our tax positions
 approximately $6.2&#xA0;million would
 favorably impact the effective tax rate. We believe it is
 reasonably possible that our unrecognized tax benefits will
 decrease or be recognized in the next twelve months by up to
 $3.6&#xA0;million due to the settlement of certain tax positions
 and lapses in statutes of limitation in various tax
 jurisdictions.

 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
 benefits in the provision for income taxes. We recovered nil of
 interest and penalties during the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and January&#xA0;2
 2016. The amount
 of interest and penalties recognized in the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets for 2017 and 2016 were a liability of $0.7&#xA0;million and
 $1.8&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 Years through 2009 have been audited by the U.S. Internal Revenue
 Service
 though the statutes are still open back to 2008 due to
 certain net operating loss carryforwards. Years prior to 2012 are
 closed to audit by U.S. state jurisdictions. We are currently under
 audit in Canada by the Canada Revenue Agency (&#x201C;CRA&#x201D;)
 for tax years 2013 to 2015. Years prior to 2012 are closed to audit
 by the CRA. We are currently under audit in Israel for the 2013 to
 2015 tax years and in Poland for the 2014 and 2016 tax years.
 



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







 

 Our shareowners approved our Amended and Restated Cott Corporation
 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#x201C;Amended and Restated Equity
 Plan&#x201D;) in its current form in May 2015. Awards under the
 Amended and Restated Equity Plan may be in the form of incentive
 stock options
 stock options
 restricted shares
 restricted share units
 performance shares
 performance units
 stock appreciation rights
 and stock payments to
 employees
 directors and outside consultants. The Amended and
 Restated Equity Plan is administered by the Human Resources and
 Compensation Committee (&#x201C;HRCC&#x201D;) or any other board
 committee as may be designated by the board from time to time.
 Under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan
 20
000
000 shares are
 reserved for future issuance subject to adjustment upon a share
 split
 share dividend
 recapitalization
 and other similar
 transactions and events. Shares that are issued under the Amended
 and Restated Equity Plan are applied to reduce the maximum number
 of shares remaining available for issuance under the Amended and
 Restated Equity Plan; provided that the total number of shares
 available for issuance under the Amended and Restated Plan is
 reduced two shares for each share issued pursuant to a
 &#x201C;full-value&#x201D; award (i.e.
 an award other than an option
 or stock appreciation right).

 Shares to be issued pursuant to Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based
 RSUs
 or stock options that are forfeited
 expired
 or are
 cancelled or settled without the issuance of shares return to the
 pool of shares available for issuance under the Amended and
 Restated Equity Plan. As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 there were
 2
432
533 shares available for future issuance under the Amended
 and Restated Equity Plan.

 &#xA0;

 The table below summarizes the share-based compensation expense for
 the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016. Share-based compensation expense is recorded
 in SG&amp;A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
 As referenced below: (i) &#x201C;Performance-based RSUs&#x201D;
 represent restricted share units with performance-based vesting
 (ii) &#x201C;Time-based RSUs&#x201D; represent restricted share units
 with time-based vesting
 (iii) &#x201C;Stock options&#x201D;
 represent 
 stock options
 (iv) &#x201C;Director share awards&#x201D; represent
 common shares issued in consideration of the annual board retainer
 fee to 
 members of our board of directors
 and (v)&#xA0;the
 &#x201C;ESPP&#x201D; represents the Cott Corporation Employee Share
 Purchase Plan
 under which common shares are issued to eligible
 employees at a discount through payroll deductions.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Performance-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Time-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Director share awards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employee Share Purchase Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 $2.4 million
 and $2.7 million of share-based compensation expense from our
 discontinued operations
 which were included in net income (loss)
 from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December
 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016




 During the third quarter of 2017
 in connection with the sale of
 the Traditional Business and upon a determination by the HRCC
 outstanding awards granted to Traditional Business employees vested
 as follows: outstanding time-based RSUs vested in full
 outstanding
 unvested stock options vested in full (and remain exercisable for
 three years from the date of closing of the Transaction)
 and
 outstanding performance-based RSUs vested in full
 assuming
 income level at the
 &#x201C;target&#x201D; level. As a result
 an additional
 $1.2&#xA0;million of expense was recorded for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and included in net income (loss) from
 discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the Consolidated
 Statement of Operations.

 The tax benefit recognized related to share-based compensation
 expense for the fiscal year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017 was
 $0.5&#xA0;million (December 31
 2016 - $2.8&#xA0;million;
 January&#xA0;2
 2016 - $2.7 million).

 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 the unrecognized share-based
 compensation expense and weighted average years over which we
 expect to recognize it as compensation expense were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 except years)

 
 
 compensation&#xA0;expense

&#xA0; 2017
 
 

 
 expected&#xA0;to&#xA0;recognize
 
 




 Stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Performance-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Time-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 



 

 During 2017
 2016 and 2015 approximately 734
500
 2
975
500
 and
 684
000 options were granted to certain employees under the Amended
 and Restated Equity Plan at a weighted-average exercise price of
 $17.50
 $11.15
 and $9.22 per share
 respectively. The
 weighted-average grant date fair value of the options was estimated
 to be $4.82
 $2.84
 and $4.31 per share in 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The
 contractual term of an option granted is fixed by the Amended and
 Restated Equity plan and cannot exceed ten years from the grant
 date.

 The grant date fair value of each option granted during 2017
 2016
 and 2015 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing model with the following weighted-average
 assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Average expected life (years)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividend yield

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes the activity for Company stock
 options:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 
 
 


 price
 
 
 


 (years)
 
 
 
 intrinsic
 
 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 





 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited or expired

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Forfeited or expired

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Forfeited or expired

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The aggregate intrinsic value amounts in the table above represent
 the difference between the closing price of our common shares on
 the New York Stock Exchange on December&#xA0;29
 2017
 which was
 $16.66 (December 30
 2016&#x2014;$11.33; December&#xA0;31
 2015&#x2014;$10.99)
 and the exercise price
 multiplied by the
 stock options as
 of the same date.

 Stock options granted during the year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 vest in three equal annual installments on the first
 second and
 third anniversaries of the date of grant.

 The total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock
 options was $1.6&#xA0;million during the fiscal year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 with no associated tax benefit realized. The
 total amount of cash received from the exercise of stock options
 was $1.7&#xA0;million during the fiscal year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 with an associated tax benefit of
 $1.3&#xA0;million. The total amount of cash received from the
 exercise of stock options was $0.5&#xA0;million during the fiscal
 year ended January&#xA0;2
 2016 with no associated tax benefit
 realized. The total fair value of options that vested during the
 year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017 was $16.4&#xA0;million (December
 31
 2016 &#x2014; $1.6&#xA0;million; January&#xA0;2
 2016 &#x2014;
 $1.5 million).

 

 In 2017
 we granted 84
 members of our board of
 directors under the Amended and Restated Equity Plan with a grant
 date fair value of approximately $1.1&#xA0;million. The common
 shares were issued in consideration of the directors&#x2019; annual
 board retainer fee and were vested upon issuance.

 Additionally
 in 2017
 we granted 33
030 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2019 fiscal year
 and 202
269
 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2020
 fiscal year. The number of shares ultimately awarded will be based
 upon the performance percentage
 which can range from 0% to 200% of
 the awards granted. The Performance-based RSUs vest primarily on
 the Company&#x2019;s achievement of a specified level of cumulative
 income for the
 applicable performance period. The number of Performance-based RSUs
 that may vest and the related unrecognized compensation cost is
 income that is achieved during
 the vesting period. The Company also granted 134
840 Time-based
 RSUs
 which vest in three equal annual installments on the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant and are based
 upon a service condition.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 
 
 
 Grant-Date
 
 
 
 
 
 RSUs
 
 
 
 
 Grant-Date
 
 





 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Awarded

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Awarded in connection with modification

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Issued

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Awarded

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Awarded in connection with acquisitions 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Issued 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Cancelled

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Awarded

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Awarded in connection with modification

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Issued

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 to Eden and S&amp;D employees in connection with the Eden





 

951 common shares
 granted to certain S&amp;D employees in connection with the S&amp;D
 Acquisition; the common shares were fully vested upon




 The total fair value of Performance-based RSUs vested and issued
 during the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017 January&#xA0;2
 2016
 were $2.6&#xA0;million and $1.8&#xA0;million. There were no
 Performance-based RSUs vested and issued during the year ended
 December&#xA0;31
 2016. The total fair value of Time-based RSUs
 vested and issued during the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016 were
 $4.3&#xA0;million
 $12.3&#xA0;million
 and $0.1&#xA0;million.

 

 The Company has maintained the Cott Corporation Employee Share
 Purchase Plan (the &#x201C;ESPP&#x201D;) since 2015. The ESPP
 qualifies as an &#x201C;employee share purchase plan&#x201D; under
 Section&#xA0;423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 (&#x201C;IRC&#x201D;)
 as amended. Substantially all employees are
 eligible to participate in the ESPP and may elect to participate at
 the beginning of any quarterly offering period. The ESPP authorizes
 the issuance
 and the purchase by eligible employees
 of up to
 3
000
000 shares of Cott common shares through payroll deductions.
 Eligible employees who choose to participate may purchase Cott
 common shares at 90% of market value on the first or last day of
 the quarterly offering period
 whichever is lower. The minimum
 contribution which an eligible employee may make under the ESPP is
 1% of the employee&#x2019;s eligible compensation
 with the maximum
 contribution limited to 15% of the employee&#x2019;s eligible
 compensation. At the end of each quarterly offering period for
 which the employee participates
 the total amount of each
 employee&#x2019;s payroll deduction for that offering period will be
 used to purchase Cott common shares. The Company recognized
 $0.1&#xA0;million
 $0.2&#xA0;million and $0.1&#xA0;million of
 share-based compensation expense in SG&amp;A expenses in the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations for 2017
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. At December&#xA0;30
 2017
 2
735
506 shares remained
 available for issuance under the ESPP.
 







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017










 Share

 

 On June&#xA0;29
 2016
 we completed a public offering
 on a bought
 deal basis
 of 15
088
000 common shares at a price of $15.25 per
 share for total gross proceeds to us of $230.1&#xA0;million (the
 &#x201C;June 2016 Offering&#x201D;). We incurred and recorded
 $9.2&#xA0;million of underwriter commissions and $1.1&#xA0;million
 in professional fees in connection with the June 2016 Offering. The
 net proceeds of the June 2016 Offering were used to repay
 borrowings under our ABL facility
 to finance the S&amp;D
 Acquisition and for general corporate purposes.

 On March&#xA0;9
 2016
 we completed a public offering
 on a bought
 deal basis
 of 12
765
000 common shares at a price of $11.80 per
 share for total gross proceeds to us of $150.6&#xA0;million (the
 &#x201C;March 2016 Offering&#x201D;). We incurred and recorded
 $6.0&#xA0;million of underwriter commissions and $0.8&#xA0;million
 in professional fees in connection with the March 2016 Offering.
 The net proceeds of the March 2016 Offering were used to repay
 borrowings under our ABL facility and for general corporate
 purposes.

 

 Basic net (loss) income per common share is calculated by dividing
 net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation by the weighted
 average number of common shares outstanding during the periods
 presented. Diluted net (loss) income per common share is calculated
 by dividing diluted net (loss) income attributable to Cott
 Corporation by the weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding adjusted to include the effect
 if dilutive
 of the
 stock options
 Performance-based RSUs
 and Time-based RSUs during the periods
 presented.

 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the numerator and
 denominator for the diluted net (loss) income per common share
 computations for the periods indicated:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Denominator (in thousands):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

 
 
139
078
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Denominator (in thousands):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

 
 
139
078
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dilutive effect of Stock Options

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dilutive effect of Performance based RSUs

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dilutive effect of Time-based RSUs

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted

 
 
139
078
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes anti-dilutive securities excluded
 from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per common share
 for the periods indicated:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 Stock options

 
 
5
006
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Performance-based RSUs 

 
 
2
235
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Time-based RSUs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 number of shares expected to be issued based on the estimated
 achievement of 





 

 of shares expected to be issued based on known employee retention



 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 Our broad portfolio of products include bottled water
 coffee
 brewed tea
 water dispensers
 coffee and tea brewers
 speciality
 coffee
 liquid coffee or tea concentrate
 single cup coffee
 cold
 brewed coffee
 iced blend coffee or tea beverages
 blended teas
 hot tea
 sparkling tea
 coffee or tea extract solutions
 filtration
 equipment
 hot chocolate
 soups
 malt drinks
 creamers/whiteners
 cereals
 beverage concentrates and mineral water.

 At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four
 reporting segments: Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our
 DSS
 Aquaterra
 Eden and S&amp;D businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott U.K. and All Other (which included our Mexico and RCI
 operating segments).

 During the third quarter of 2017
 we reviewed our reporting
 segments as a result of the Transaction. Following such review
 we
 reorganized our reporting segments into three reporting segments:
 Route Based Services (which includes our DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden
 businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions (which includes our
 S&amp;D business) and All Other (which includes our Aimia
 Decantae
 and RCI concentrate businesses
 our Columbus
 Georgia
 manufacturing facility and other miscellaneous expenses). Our
 corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment. This
 function includes certain general and administrative costs that are
 not allocated to any of the reporting segments. Our segment
 reporting results have been recast to reflect these changes for all
 periods presented.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee


 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net 

 
 
1
501.7
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 




 Depreciation and amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Operating income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Total segment assets 

 
 
2
343.4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&#xA0;30





 





 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Coffee
 Tea
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Depreciation and amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Operating income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Total segment assets 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&#xA0;31





 





 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee


 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net 

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Depreciation and amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended January&#xA0;2




 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 

 
December&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 




 Segment assets 

 
 
3
006.9
 
 
 


 




 Assets of discontinued operations 

 
 
1
086.2
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
4
093.1
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Credit risk arises from the potential default of a customer in
 meeting its financial obligations to us. Concentrations of credit
 exposure may arise with a group of customers that have similar
 economic characteristics or that are located in the same geographic
 region. The ability of such customers to meet obligations would be
 similarly affected by changing economic
 political or other
 conditions. We are not currently aware of any facts that would
 create a material credit risk.

 Our Traditional Business experienced some customer concentration.
 Following the closing of the Transaction on January&#xA0;30
 2018
 we have limited customer concentration
 of which no customer
 accounts for more than 10% of our net revenues.

 &#xA0;

 Revenues are attributed to countries based on location of customer.
 Revenues generated from sales to external customers by geographic
 area were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 United States

 
 
1
709.0
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 United Kingdom

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 All other countries

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
2
269.7
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Revenues by channel by reporting segment were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
For the Year Ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee


 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 




Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Home and office bottled water delivery

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee and tea services

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Retail

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
1
501.7
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
269.7
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
For the Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee



 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 




Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Home and office bottled water delivery

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee and tea services

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Retail

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
For the Year Ended January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee



 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 




Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Home and office bottled water delivery

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee and tea services

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Retail

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net by geographic area as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
 
 2016
 




 United States

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 All other countries 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 10% of total property
 plant and equipment as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31



 



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Accounts Receivable
 Net


Dec. 30
 2017






Accounts Receivable
 Net



 Net

 The following table summarizes accounts receivable
 net as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 


&#xA0;2017
 
 


&#xA0;2016
 




 Trade receivables

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 The following table summarizes inventories as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 


&#xA0;2017
 
 


&#xA0;2016
 




 Raw materials

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Finished goods

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Resale items

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net


Dec. 30
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net



 Plant&#xA0;&amp; Equipment
 Net

 The following table summarizes property
 plant and equipment
 net
 as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 

 in Years
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Depreciation
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Depreciation
 
 
 
 




 Land

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Buildings

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plates
 films and molds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vehicles and transportation equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Leasehold improvements 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 IT Systems

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Furniture and fixtures

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer equipment 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Returnable bottles 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Capital leases 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related





 

 Based Services reporting segment consists of coolers
 brewers
 refrigerators
 water purification devices and storage racks held on





 






 

 leases relate to machinery and equipment
 IT systems
 customer




 &#xA0;

 The amounts above include construction in progress of
 $11.3&#xA0;million and $3.0&#xA0;million for 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

 Depreciation expense
 which includes depreciation recorded for
 assets under capital leases
 for the year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017 was $120.0&#xA0;million (2016 - $97.8&#xA0;million; 2015 -
 $81.6 million).
 



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 The following table summarizes intangible assets as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 Amortization
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Amortization
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rights 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Patents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Software

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 





 Amortization expense of intangible assets was $68.6&#xA0;million
 during 2017 (2016 - $53.3&#xA0;million; 2015 - $46.7 million).

 The estimated amortization expense for intangible assets subject to
 amortization over the next five years is:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 
 
 




 2021

 
 
 
 




 2022

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 The following table summarizes accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 


&#xA0;2017
 
 


&#xA0;2016
 




 Trade payables

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued sales incentives

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Payroll
 sales and other taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued deposits

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 Our total debt as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 was as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 Debt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Debt
 
 
 
 
 




 6.750% senior notes due in 2020

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 10.000% senior notes due in 2021&#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 5.375% senior notes due in 2022

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 5.500% senior notes due in 2024

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 5.500% senior notes due in 2025

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 ABL facility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 GE Term Loan

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other debt financing

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Capital leases

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
2
313.5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
287.0
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Less: Short-term borrowings and current debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 ABL facility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




Total short-term borrowings required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 GE Term Loan - current maturities

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other debt financing

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Capital leases -current maturities

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Less: Debt required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
 divestiture

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 6.750% senior notes due in 2020

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 5.375% senior notes due in 2022

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 GE Term Loan

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as
 part of divestiture

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
1
563.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
542.6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 amount and unamortized premium of our DSS Notes was
 $250.0&#xA0;million and $19.9&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 and $350.0&#xA0;million and $34.2&#xA0;million at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016




 &#xA0;

 The long-term debt payments (which include current maturities of
 long-term debt) required in each of the next five years and
 thereafter are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 (incl. current)
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 
 
 




 2021

 
 
 
 




 2022

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
1
289.4
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
2
293.6
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 

 In March 2008
 we entered into a credit agreement with JPMorgan
 Chase Bank N.A. as Agent that created an ABL facility to provide
 financing for our operations. We have amended and refinanced the
 ABL facility from time to time and incurred related financing fees
 $12.4&#xA0;million of which have been capitalized and deferred and
 are being amortized using the straight-line method over the
 duration of the amended ABL facility.

 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 we had $220.3&#xA0;million of
 outstanding borrowings under the ABL facility. The commitment fee
 was 0.375% per annum of the unused commitment
 which
 taking into
 account $46.0&#xA0;million of letters of credit
 was
 $233.7&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;30
 2017. The weighted
 average effective interest rate at December&#xA0;30
 2017 on our
 outstanding LIBOR loans was 3.1%. The effective interest rates are
 based on our aggregate availability.

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to repay $262.5&#xA0;million of our outstanding balance on the ABL
 facility. Additionally
 we amended and restated the Amended and
 Restated Credit Agreement. The ABL facility
 as amended and
 restated
 provides us with financing in the United States
 Canada
 the United Kingdom
 Luxembourg and the Netherlands. Cott and its
 subsidiaries
 Cott Holdings Inc.
 DSS
 S&amp;D
 Aimia and
 Aquaterra
 are borrowers under the ABL facility. The ABL facility
 is a revolving facility of up to $250.0&#xA0;million with a
 maturity date of August&#xA0;3
 2021. JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 serves as administrative agent and administrative collateral agent
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 London Branch serves as U.K.
 security trustee. Availability under the ABL facility is dependent
 on a borrowing base calculated as a percentage of the value of
 eligible inventory
 accounts receivable and property
 plant and
 equipment in the manner set forth in the credit agreement. Subject
 to certain conditions
 the ABL facility may be increased up to an
 additional $100.0&#xA0;million at our option if lenders agree to
 increase their commitments. The debt under the ABL facility is
 guaranteed by most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. and Luxembourg
 subsidiaries and certain of our Dutch subsidiaries.

 

 On March&#xA0;22
 2017
 we issued $750.0&#xA0;million of our 2025
 Notes to qualified purchasers in a private placement offering under
 Rule 144A under the Securities Act
 and outside the United States
&#xA0;purchasers
 pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act and other
 applicable laws. The 2025 Notes were issued by our wholly-owned
 subsidiary Cott Holdings Inc.
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K.
 Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries guarantee the 2025 Notes.
 The 2025 Notes will mature on April&#xA0;1
 2025 and interest is
 payable semi-annually on April 1st and October 1st of each year
 commencing on October&#xA0;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2025 Notes
 were used to redeem in full the 2020 Notes
 redeem
 $100.0&#xA0;million aggregate principal amount of our DSS Notes and
 to pay related fees and expenses.

 &#xA0;

 We incurred $11.7&#xA0;million of financing fees in connection with
 the issuance of the 2025 Notes. The financing fees are being
 amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year
 period
 which represents the term to maturity of the 2025
 Notes.

 

 In June 2016
 we issued &#x20AC;450.0&#xA0;million (U.S.
 $539.1&#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on
 December&#xA0;30
 2017) of our 2024 Notes to qualified purchasers
 in a private placement offering under Rule 144A and Regulation S
 under the Securities Act and other applicable laws. The 2024 Notes
 were initially issued by our wholly-owned subsidiary Cott Finance
 Corporation. In connection with the closing of the Eden
 Acquisition
 we assumed all of the obligations of Cott Finance
 Corporation under the 2024 Notes
 and most of our U.S.
 Canadian
 U.K. Luxembourg and Dutch subsidiaries that are currently obligors
 under the 2022 Notes and the 2020 Notes entered into a supplemental
 indenture to guarantee the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes will mature
 on July&#xA0;1
 2024 and interest is payable semi-annually on
 January 1st and July 1st of each year commencing on January&#xA0;1
 2017. The proceeds of the 2024 Notes were used to fund a portion of
 the purchase price of the Eden Acquisition and to pay related fees
 and expenses.

 We incurred approximately $11.3&#xA0;million of financing fees for
 the issuance of the 2024 Notes and $11.0&#xA0;million of bridge
 financing commitment fees and professional fees in connection with
 the Eden Acquisition. The financing fees are being amortized using
 the effective interest method over an eight-year period
 which
 represents the term to maturity of the 2024 Notes. The bridge
 financing commitment fees and professional fees were recorded in
 SG&amp;A expenses for the year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016 in our
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.

 

 In June 2014
 we issued $525.0&#xA0;million of 5.375% senior notes
 due 2022. The issuer of the notes was our wholly-owned U.S.
 subsidiary Cott Beverages Inc. (&#x201C;CBI&#x201D;)
 and we and most
 of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries guaranteed the
 obligations.

 We incurred $9.6&#xA0;million of financing fees in connection with
 the issuance of the 2022 Notes. The financing fees were being
 amortized using the effective interest method over an eight-year
 period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2022
 Notes.

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to redeem the 2022 Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included
 $21.2&#xA0;million in premium payments and $2.2&#xA0;million in
 accrued interest.

 

 In August 2013
 DSS (formerly DS Waters of America
 Inc.) issued
 $350.0&#xA0;million of 10.00% senior secured notes. In connection
 with the acquisition of DSS
 our wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries became
 guarantors of the obligations.

 The DSS Notes were recorded at their fair value of
 $406.0&#xA0;million as part of the acquisition of DSS. The
 difference between the fair value and the principal amount of
 $350.0&#xA0;million was being amortized as a component of interest
 expense over the remaining contractual term of the DSS Notes. We
 incurred approximately $26.5&#xA0;million of consent solicitation
 fees and bridge financing commitment fees.

 On May&#xA0;5
 2017
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the
 issuance of the 2025 Notes to redeem $100.0&#xA0;million in
 aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes. The partial redemption
 of the DSS Notes included $7.7&#xA0;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $1.8&#xA0;million and
&#xA0;of
 $9.2&#xA0;million of unamortized premium.

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to redeem the remaining $250.0&#xA0;million aggregate principal
 amount of the DSS Notes. The redemption of the 2022 Notes included
 $12.5&#xA0;million in premium payments and $10.3&#xA0;million in
 accrued interest.

 

 In December 2014
 we issued $625.0&#xA0;million of 6.75% senior
 notes due January&#xA0;1
 2020. The issuer of the notes was our
 wholly-owned U.S. subsidiary CBI
 and we and most of our U.S.
 Canadian and U.K. subsidiaries guaranteed the obligations.

 &#xA0;

 We incurred $14.4&#xA0;million of financing fees in connection with
 the issuance of the 2020 Notes. The financing fees were being
 amortized using the effective interest method over a five-year
 period
 which represented the term to maturity of the 2020
 Notes.

 On April&#xA0;5
 2017 and March&#xA0;22
 2017
 we used a portion of
 the proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes to purchase
 $422.7&#xA0;million and $202.3&#xA0;million in aggregate principal
 amount of the 2020 Notes. The redemption of the 2020 Notes included
 $14.3&#xA0;million and $7.1&#xA0;million in premium payments
 accrued interest of $7.4&#xA0;million and $3.1&#xA0;million
&#xA0;of
 $5.8&#xA0;million and $2.9&#xA0;million in deferred financing fees
 and other costs of $0.1&#xA0;million.

 

 In January 2008
 we entered into a capital lease finance
 arrangement with GE Capital for the lease of equipment. In
 September 2013
 we purchased the equipment subject to the lease for
 an aggregate purchase price of $10.7&#xA0;million
 with the
 financing for such purchase provided by GE Capital at 5.23%
 interest.

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we used a portion of the proceeds from the Transaction
 to pay the remaining $1.9&#xA0;million outstanding balance of the
 GE Term Loan.

 

 

 Under the indentures governing our outstanding notes
 we are
 subject to a number of covenants
 including covenants that limit
 our and certain of our subsidiaries&#x2019; ability
 subject to
 certain exceptions and qualifications
 to (i)&#xA0;pay dividends or
 make distributions
 repurchase equity securities
 prepay
 subordinated debt or make certain investments
 (ii)&#xA0;incur
 additional debt or issue certain disqualified stock or preferred
 stock
 (iii)&#xA0;create or incur liens on assets securing
 indebtedness
 (iv)&#xA0;merge or consolidate with another company
 or sell all or substantially all of our assets taken as a whole
 (v)&#xA0;enter into transactions with affiliates and (vi)&#xA0;sell
 assets. The covenants are substantially similar across the series
 of notes. As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 we were in compliance with
 all of the covenants under each series of notes. There have been no
 amendments to any covenants of our outstanding notes since the date
 of their issuance or assumption
 as applicable.

 

 Under the credit agreement governing the ABL facility
 Cott and its
 restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and
 financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage
 ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. As
 of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio
 of 1.0 to 1.0 was effective if and when aggregate availability was
 less than the greater of 10% of the lenders&#x2019; commitments
 under the ABL facility or $37.5&#xA0;million. If excess
 availability was less than the greater of 10% of the aggregate
 availability under the ABL facility or $37.5&#xA0;million
 the
 lenders would take dominion over the cash and would apply excess
 cash to reduce amounts owing under the facility. We were in
 compliance with all of the applicable covenants under the ABL
 facility as of December&#xA0;30
 2017.

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 in connection with the closing of the
 Transaction
 we amended and restated the Amended and Restated
 Credit Agreement
 dated as of August&#xA0;3
 2016
 as amended
 which governed our prior ABL facility. Under the credit agreement
 governing the ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 Cott and its
 restricted subsidiaries are subject to a number of business and
 financial covenants
 including a minimum fixed charge coverage
 ratio
 which measures our ability to cover financing expenses. The
 minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.0 to 1.0 is effective if
 and when there exists an event of default or aggregate availability
 is less than the greater of 10% of the Line Cap under the ABL
 facility or $22.5&#xA0;million. Line Cap is defined as an amount
 equal to the lesser of the lenders&#x2019; commitments or the
 borrowing base at such time. If an event of default exists or the
 excess availability is less than the greater of 10% of the
 aggregate availability under the ABL facility or
 $22.5&#xA0;million
 the lenders will take dominion over the cash
 and will apply excess cash to reduce amounts owing under the
 facility.
 



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 The Company maintains certain defined contribution
 (&#x201C;DC&#x201D;) retirement plans covering qualifying employees.
 The total expense with respect to these DC plans was
 $2.0&#xA0;million for the year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 (2016&#x2014;$4.7&#xA0;million; 2015&#x2014;$4.5 million).

 &#xA0;

 The Company also maintains several defined benefit
 (&#x201C;DB&#x201D;) plans acquired as a part of acquisitions
&#xA0;employees
 referred to as the U.S. and International Plans
 respectively.
 Retirement benefits are based on years of service multiplied by a
 monthly benefit factor. Pension costs are funded in accordance with
 the provisions of the applicable law. Our U.S. Plan is closed to
 new participants and frozen. The Company uses a December&#xA0;30
 2017 measurement date for all DB plans. Any variation differences
 based on one day of trading are deemed immaterial.

 In the third quarter of 2017
 our Eden business relocated its
 corporate headquarters from Switzerland to Spain
 which resulted in
 the dismissal or relocation of
&#xA0;employees
 of the International Plans. As a result of the dismissal or
employees
 we recorded a gain
 on pension curtailment of approximately $4.5&#xA0;million to
 SG&amp;A expenses
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for
 the year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017.

 

 The following table summarizes the change in the projected benefit
 obligation
 change in plan assets and unfunded status of the DB
 plans as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Service cost

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlement gains

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Curtailment gains

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Translation gains

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Projected benefit obligation at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan assets beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employer contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan participant contributions

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Curtailment losses

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actual return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Translation losses

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Fair value at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Unfunded status

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial losses

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlement gains

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Translation gains

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Projected benefit obligation at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan assets beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employer contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan participant contributions

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actual return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Translation losses

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Fair value at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Unfunded status

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The accumulated benefit obligation for the U.S. Plans equaled
 $8.4&#xA0;million and $8.3&#xA0;million at the end of 2017 and
 2016
 respectively. The accumulated benefit obligation for the
 International Plans equaled $12.8&#xA0;million and
 $30.5&#xA0;million at the end of 2017 and 2016
 respectively.

 

 The components of net periodic pension cost were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of prior service costs

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Recognized net loss due to settlement

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Amortization of net actuarial loss

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Curtailment gain

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employees contribution

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of prior service costs

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Recognized net loss due to settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of net actuarial loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employees contribution

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 

 Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of
 tax
&#xA0;which have
 not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net actuarial loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net actuarial loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 


 
 
January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unamortized prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net actuarial loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 

 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 CPI Inflation factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inflation factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 The Company utilizes a yield curve analysis to determine the
 discount rates for its DB plan obligations. The yield curve
 considers pricing and yield information for high quality corporate
 bonds with maturities matched to estimated payouts of future
 pension benefits. The Company evaluates its assumption regarding
 the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets based on
 historical experience
 future expectations of investment returns
 asset allocations
 and its investment strategy. The Company&#x2019;s
 long-term rate of return on plan assets reflect expectations of
 projected weighted average market returns of plan assets. Changes
 in expected returns on plan assets also reflect any adjustments to
 the Company&#x2019;s targeted asset allocation.

 &#xA0;

 

 Our DB plans weighted-average asset allocations by asset category
 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fixed income investments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fixed income investments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Real estate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 Our investment policy is that plan assets will be managed utilizing
 an investment philosophy and approach characterized by all of the
 following
 listed in priority order: (1)&#xA0;emphasis on total
 return
 (2)&#xA0;emphasis on high-quality securities
 (3)&#xA0;sufficient income and stability of income
 (4)&#xA0;safety
 of principal with limited volatility of capital through proper
 diversification and (5)&#xA0;sufficient liquidity. The target
 allocation percentages for the U.S. Plans&#x2019; assets range
 between 55% to 65% in equity securities and 35% to 45% in fixed
 income investments. The target allocation percentages for the
 International Plans&#x2019; assets range between 50% to 80% in
 equity securities
 20% to 50% in fixed income investments
 0% to
 30% in real estate and 0% to 15% in alternative investments. None
 of our equity or debt securities are included in plan assets.

 

 We expect to contribute $0.8&#xA0;million to the DB plans during
 the 2018 fiscal year.

 The following benefit payments are expected to be paid in the
 periods indicated below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2018

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2019

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2020

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2021

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2022

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2023 through FY 2027

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 The fair values of the Company&#x2019;s U.S. plan assets are
 measured daily at their net asset value and valued at
 $7.1&#xA0;million and $6.2&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 and December&#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 The fair values of the Company&#x2019;s International plan assets at
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




&#xA0;equity
 securities

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Other

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Insurance contract

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Real estate

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




&#xA0;equity
 securities

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Insurance contract

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Real estate

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017










 (Loss) Income

 Changes in consolidated accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
 income (&#x201C;AOCI&#x201D;) by component for the years ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and January&#xA0;2
 2016 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 Instruments
 
 
 

 Plan&#xA0;Items
 
 
 

 Adjustment&#xA0;Items
 
 
 
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;3
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 OCI before reclassifications

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amounts reclassified from AOCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net current-period OCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Purchase of subsidiary shares from 

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 OCI before reclassifications

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amounts reclassified from AOCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net current-period OCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 OCI before reclassifications

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amounts reclassified from AOCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net current-period OCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 &#xA0;


 
 



 The following table summarizes the amounts reclassified from AOCI
 to total net income (loss) for the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and January&#xA0;2
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 





 

 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 
 




 Gains and losses on derivative instruments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency and commodity hedges

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Amortization of pension benefit plan items

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service costs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial (losses)/gains 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total reclassifications for the period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 






 




 







The entire disclosure for comprehensive income
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 We lease buildings
 machinery and equipment
 computer hardware and
 furniture and fixtures. All contractual increases and rent free
 periods included in the lease contract are taken into account when
 calculating the minimum lease payment and are recognized on a
 straight-line basis over the lease term. Certain leases have
 renewal periods and contingent rentals
 which are not included in
 the table below. The minimum annual payments under operating leases
 are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 
 
 




 2021

 
 
 
 




 2022

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 



 Operating lease expenses were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 




 Year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 




 Year ended January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 Operating lease expenses are shown net of sublease income of
 $0.7&#xA0;million for 2017. As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 we had
 commitments for capital expenditures of approximately
 $0.1&#xA0;million.

 We are subject to various claims and legal proceedings with respect
 to matters such as governmental regulations
 and other actions
 arising out of the normal course of business. Management believes
 that the resolution of these matters will not have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations
 or
 cash flow.

 In May 2014
 we completed the Aimia Acquisition
 which included
 deferred consideration of &#xA3;19.9&#xA0;million (U.S. $33.5
 million)
 which was paid by us on September&#xA0;15
 2014 and
 aggregate contingent consideration of up to &#xA3;16.0&#xA0;million
 which was payable upon the achievement of certain measures related
 to Aimia&#x2019;s performance during the twelve months ending
 July&#xA0;1
 2016. The aggregate contingent consideration was
 &#xA3;12.0&#xA0;million
 offset by an existing receivable of
 &#xA3;3.9&#xA0;million due to the Company from the former owners of
 Aimia
 for a final total cash payment of &#xA3;8.1&#xA0;million
 (U.S. $10.8&#xA0;million at the exchange rate in effect on the date
 of payment) that was paid during the third quarter of 2016.

 We had $46.0&#xA0;million in standby letters of credit outstanding
 as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 ($42.4 million&#x2014;December 31
 2016; $45.6 million&#x2014;January 2
 2016).

 We have future purchase obligations of $135.5&#xA0;million that
 consist of commitments for the purchase of inventory
 energy
 transactions
 and payments related to professional fees and
 information technology outsourcing agreements. These obligations
 represent the minimum contractual obligations expected under the
 normal course of business.

 

 After completion of the Transaction
 the Company continues to
 provide contractual payment guarantees to three third-party lessors
 of certain real property used in the Traditional Business. The
 leases were conveyed to Refresco as part of the Transaction
 but
 the Company&#x2019;s guarantee was not released by the landlord. The
 three lease agreements mature in 2027
 2028 and 2029. The maximum
 potential amount of undiscounted future payments under the
 guarantee of approximately $42.0 million as of December 30
 2017
 was calculated based on the minimum lease payments of the leases
 over the remaining term of the agreements. The Transaction
 documents require Refresco to pay all post-closing obligations
 under these conveyed leases
 and to reimburse the Company if the
 landlord calls on a guarantee. Refresco has also agreed to a
 covenant to negotiate with the landlords for a release of the
 Company&#x2019;s guarantees; discussions are ongoing.
 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017










 Instruments

 We are directly and indirectly affected by changes in foreign
 currency market conditions. These changes in market conditions may
 adversely impact our financial performance and are referred to as
 market risks. When deemed appropriate by management
 we use
 derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential
 impact of foreign currency market risks.

 We use various types of derivative instruments including
 but not
 limited to
 forward contracts and swap agreements for certain
 commodities. Forward contracts are agreements to buy or sell a
 quantity of a currency at a predetermined future date
 and at a
 predetermined rate or price. A swap agreement is a contract between
 two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying
 notional amounts
 assets and/or indices.

 &#xA0;

 All derivatives are carried at fair value in the Consolidated
 Balance Sheets in the line item accounts receivable
 net or
 accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The carrying values of
 the derivatives reflect the impact of legally enforceable
 agreements with the same counterparties. These allow us to net
 settle positive and negative positions (assets and liabilities)
 arising from different transactions with the same counterparty.

 The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the
 fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the
 derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 and the types of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be
 designated as fair value hedges
 cash flow hedges or hedges of net
 investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair values
 of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value
 hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations as the changes in the fair
 value of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged.
 The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated
 and qualify as cash flow hedges are recorded in AOCI and are
 reclassified into the line item in the Consolidated Statements of
 Operations in which the hedged items are recorded in the same
 period the hedged items affect earnings. Due to the high degree of
 effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying
 exposures being hedged
 fluctuations in the value of the derivative
 instruments are generally offset by changes in the fair values or
 cash flows of the underlying exposures being hedged. The changes in
 fair values of derivatives that were not designated and/or did not
 qualify as hedging instruments are immediately recognized into
 earnings. We classify cash inflows and outflows related to
 derivative and hedging instruments with the appropriate cash flows
 section associated with the item being hedged.

 For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments
 we formally designate and document
 at inception
 the financial
 instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure
 the risk
 management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge
 transaction. In addition
 we formally assess both at the inception
 and at least quarterly thereafter
 whether the financial
 instruments used in hedging transactions are highly effective at
 offsetting changes in either the fair values or cash flows of the
 related underlying exposures.

 We estimate the fair values of our derivatives based on quoted
 market prices or pricing models using current market rates (see
 Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The notional
 amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily
 represent amounts exchanged by the parties and
 therefore
 are not
 a direct measure of our exposure to the financial risks described
 above. The amounts exchanged are calculated by reference to the
 notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives
 such as
 interest rates
 foreign currency exchange rates or other financial
 indices. We do not view the fair values of our derivatives in
 isolation
 but rather in relation to the fair values or cash flows
 of the underlying hedged transactions. All of our derivatives are
 instruments
 with liquid markets.

 

 We have established strict counterparty credit guidelines and enter
 into transactions only with financial institutions of investment
 grade or better. We monitor counterparty exposures regularly and
 review promptly any downgrade in counterparty credit rating. We
 mitigate 
 risk by being permitted to net settle for transactions with the
 same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of credit risk
 we
 enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial
 institutions. Based on these factors
 we consider the risk of
 counterparty default to be minimal.

 

 We use cash flow hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows
 of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by
 fluctuations in commodity prices. The changes in fair values of
 hedges that are determined to be ineffective are immediately
 reclassified from AOCI into earnings. We did not discontinue any
 cash flow hedging relationships during the years ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 or December&#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively.
 Substantially all outstanding hedges as of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 are expected to settle in the next twelve months.

 We have entered into coffee futures contracts to hedge exposure to
 price fluctuations on green coffee associated with fixed-price
 sales contracts with customers
 which generally range from three to
 twelve months in length. These derivative instruments have been
 designated and qualified as a part of our commodity cash flow
 hedging program effective January&#xA0;1
 2017. The objective of
 this hedging program is to reduce the variability of cash flows
 associated with future purchases of green coffee.

 The notional amount for the coffee futures contracts that were
 designated and qualified for our commodity cash flow hedging
 program was 48.1&#xA0;million pounds as of December&#xA0;30
 2017.
 We did not elect hedge accounting for our coffee futures contracts
 in 2016. The notional amounts for the coffee futures contracts not
 designated or qualifying as hedging instruments was
 44.9&#xA0;million pounds as of December&#xA0;31
 2016.
 Approximately $1.3&#xA0;million of realized gains
 representing the
 effective portion of the cash-flow hedge
 were subsequently
 reclassified from AOCI to earnings and recognized in cost of sales
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017.

 &#xA0;

 The fair value of the Company&#x2019;s derivative liabilities
 included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities was
 $1.2&#xA0;million and $6.1&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016
 respectively. We had no derivative
 assets as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016. Set
 forth below is a reconciliation of the Company&#x2019;s derivatives
 by contract type for the period indicated:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee futures 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 excludes amounts in the related margin accounts. As of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the aggregate
 margin account balances were $5.3&#xA0;million and
 $9.2&#xA0;million
 respectively and are included in cash&#xA0;&amp;




 Coffee futures are subject to enforceable master netting
 arrangements and are presented net in the reconciliation above. The
 fair value of the coffee futures assets and liabilities which are
 shown on a net basis are reconciled in the table below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 




 Coffee futures assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee futures liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 The location and amount of gains or losses recognized in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for cash flow hedging
 relationships relationship
 basis
 for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 is shown in the table below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 

&#xA0;2017
 




 

 
 
 




 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash
 flow hedges are recorded

 
 
1
142.0
 




 

 
 
 
 




 Coffee futures:

 
 
 
 




 Gain reclassfied from AOCI into income

 
 
 
 



 The settlement of our derivative instruments resulted in a credit
 to cost of sales of $1.3&#xA0;million for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017.
 



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 ASC No.&#xA0;820 defines fair value as the exchange price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an
 exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the
 asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market
 participants at the measurement date. Additionally
 the inputs used
 to measure fair value are prioritized based on a three-level
 hierarchy. This hierarchy requires entities to maximize the use of
 observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.

 The three levels of inputs used to measure fair value are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 





 &#xA0;


 
 
 

 than quoted prices included in Level&#xA0;1
 such as quoted prices
 for similar assets and liabilities in active markets; quoted prices
 for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are
 not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be




 &#xA0;


 
 
 

 that are supported by little or no market activity and that are
 significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This
 includes certain pricing models
 discounted cash flow methodologies
 and similar techniques that use significant unobservable




 &#xA0;

 We have certain assets and liabilities such as our derivative
 instruments that are required to be recorded at fair value on a
 recurring basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

 Our derivative assets and liabilities represent Level&#xA0;2
 instruments. Level&#xA0;2 instruments are valued based on
 observable inputs for quoted prices for similar assets and
 liabilities in active markets. The fair value of the derivative
 liabilities as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016
 was $1.2&#xA0;million and $6.1&#xA0;million
 respectively. We had
 no derivative assets as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and
 December&#xA0;31
 2016.

 

 The carrying amounts reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 for cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 payables
 short-term
 borrowings and long-term debt approximate their respective fair
 values
 except as otherwise indicated. The carrying values and
 estimated fair values of our significant outstanding debt as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 Value
 





 3

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 2

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
2
057.5
 
 
 
2
156.6
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 trading levels and bid/offer prices observed by a market
 participant and are considered Level&#xA0;2 financial





 

 $19.9&#xA0;million and $34.2&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 and December&#xA0;31
 2016





 

 outstanding debt is net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 (see Note 15 to



 



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017










 (unaudited)

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 





 except per share amounts)

 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
269.7
 




 Cost of sales

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
142.0
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Gross profit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
127.7
 




 SG&amp;A expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
042.7
 




 Loss (gain) on disposal of property plant and equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Acquisition and integration expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Operating income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 net of income taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 interests -
 discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Per share data:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to Cott
 Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Diluted:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 





 except per share amounts)

 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Cost of sales

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Gross profit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 SG&amp;A expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Acquisition and integration expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Operating income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income (loss) from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 interests -
 discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Per share data:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Diluted:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 On January&#xA0;30
 2018
 the Company completed the Transaction.
 The Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our
 Canadian business and a sale of the stock of the operating
 subsidiaries engaged in the Traditional Business in the other
 jurisdictions after we completed an internal reorganization. The
 aggregate consideration was approximately $1.25&#xA0;billion
 paid
 at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working
 capital
 and other customary post-closing adjustments. We used the
 cash proceeds from the Transaction to retire $525.0&#xA0;million
 aggregate principal amount of the 2022 Notes
 retire the remaining
 $250.0&#xA0;million aggregate principal amount of the DSS Notes
 repay $262.5&#xA0;million of the outstanding balance on our ABL
 facility
 and repay $1.9&#xA0;million in aggregate principal
 outstanding on our GE Term Loan. Additionally
 in connection with
 the closing of the Transaction on January&#xA0;30
 2018
 we further
 amended and restated the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated as of August&#xA0;3
 2016
 as amended
 which governed our
 prior ABL facility. The ABL facility
 as amended and restated
 is a
 revolving facility of up to $250.0&#xA0;million
 which may be
 increased up to an additional $100.0&#xA0;million at our option if
 lenders agree to increase their commitments
 with a maturity date
 of August&#xA0;3
 2021.

 On February&#xA0;12
 2018
 the Company entered into a definitive
 agreement to acquire Crystal Rock Holdings
 Inc. (&#x201C;Crystal
 Rock&#x201D;)
 home and
 office water
 coffee
 filtration and office supply service business
 serving customers throughout New York and New England
 for
 approximately $35&#xA0;million.

 Under the terms of the merger agreement
 a wholly-owned subsidiary
 of Cott commenced a tender offer on February&#xA0;20
 2018 to
 acquire all of the outstanding shares of Crystal Rock&#x2019;s
 common stock at a price of $0.97 per share in cash. The
 consummation of the tender offer is subject to several conditions
 including a minimum tender of a majority of outstanding shares of
 Crystal Rock common stock on a fully diluted basis
 and other
 customary conditions. Following consummation of the tender offer
 such subsidiary will merge with and into Crystal Rock
 such that
 following the merger
 Crystal Rock will become a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Cott.

 The acquisition of Crystal Rock is expected to close in March 2018
 subject to the conditions to the tender offer and other customary
 closing conditions.

 On February&#xA0;28
 2018
 the Board of Directors declared a
 dividend of $0.06 per common share
 payable in cash on
 March&#xA0;28
 2018 to shareowners of record at the close of
 business on March&#xA0;13
 2018.
 



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017








SCHEDULE II&#x2014;VALUATION AND QUALIFYING
 ACCOUNTS

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
Year Ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 

 of Year
 
 
 
 in Sales
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Accounts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 at&#xA0;End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Year
 





 they apply

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivables

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 of Year
 
 
 
 in&#xA0;Sales
 
 
 
 and&#xA0;Expenses
 
 
 

 Accounts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 at&#xA0;End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Year
 





 they apply

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivables

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
Year Ended January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 of Year
 
 
 
 in&#xA0;Sales
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 Accounts
 
 
 
 
 
 
 at&#xA0;End&#xA0;of&#xA0;Year
 





 they apply

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivables

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 






 

 include $27.3&#xA0;million and $23.8&#xA0;million of valuation
 allowances recorded through purchase accounting during 2016 related
 to the Aquaterra Acquisition and Eden Acquisition



 







The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 

 These Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in
 accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 (&#x201C;GAAP&#x201D;) using the U.S. dollar as the reporting
 currency
 as the majority of our business and the majority of our
 shareowners are in the United States.

 At the beginning of 2017
 our business operated through four
 reporting segments
 Water and Coffee Solutions (which included our
 DS Services of America
 Inc. (&#x201C;DSS&#x201D;)
 Aquaterra
 Corporation (&#x201C;Aquaterra&#x201D;)
 Eden Springs Europe B.V.
 (&#x201C;Eden&#x201D;) and S. &amp; D. Coffee
 Inc.
 (&#x201C;S&amp;D&#x201D;) businesses)
 Cott North America
 Cott
 United Kingdom (&#x201C;Cott U.K.&#x201D;) and All Other (which
 included our Mexico and Royal Crown International
 (&#x201C;RCI&#x201D;) operating segments).

 During the third quarter of 2017
 we reviewed our reporting
 segments as a result of the Transaction (as defined below).
 Following such review
 we reorganized our reporting segments into
 three reporting segments: Route Based Services (which includes our
 DSS
 Aquaterra and Eden businesses)
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract
 Solutions (which includes our S&amp;D business) and All Other
 (which includes our Aimia Foods (&#x201C;Aimia&#x201D;) and Decantae
 Mineral Water Ltd. (&#x201C;Decantae&#x201D;) business
 our RCI
 concentrate business
 our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing facility
 and other miscellaneous expenses). Segment reporting results have
 been recast to reflect these changes for all periods presented. Our
 corporate oversight function is not treated as a segment; it
 includes certain general and administrative costs that are not
 allocated to any of the reporting segments.

 For the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 we had 52 weeks of activity. For the year
 ended January&#xA0;2
 2016
 we had four additional shipping days in
 our Route Based Services reporting segment
 which we estimate
 contributed $12.5&#xA0;million of additional revenue and
 $0.1&#xA0;million of additional operating income for the year ended
 January&#xA0;2
 2016.
 






 

 The Consolidated Financial Statements include our accounts
 our
 wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries and joint ventures
 that we control. All intercompany transactions and accounts have
 been eliminated in consolidation.
 






 

 On July&#xA0;24
 2017
 we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement
 with Refresco Group N.V.
 a Dutch public company
 (&#x201C;Refresco&#x201D;)
 pursuant to which we sold to Refresco
 on
 January&#xA0;30
 2018
 our carbonated soft drinks
 (&#x201C;CSDs&#x201D;) and juice businesses via the sale of our North
 America
 United Kingdom (&#x201C;U.K.&#x201D;) and Mexico business
 units (including the Canadian business) and our RCI finished goods
 export business (collectively
 &#x201C;Traditional Business&#x201D;
 and such transaction
 the &#x201C;Transaction&#x201D;). The
 Transaction was structured as a sale of the assets of our Canadian
 business and a sale of the stock of the operating subsidiaries
 engaged in the Traditional Business in the other jurisdictions
 after we completed an internal reorganization. The aggregate deal
 consideration was $1.25&#xA0;billion
 paid at closing in cash
 subject to adjustment for indebtedness
 working capital
 and other
 customary post-closing adjustments. Accordingly
 as a result of the
 sale of the Traditional Business representing a strategic shift and
 having a major effect on our operations
 the Traditional Business
 is presented herein as discontinued operations. The Traditional
 Business excludes our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segments
 our Aimia
 Decantae and RCI
 concentrate businesses and our Columbus
 Georgia manufacturing
 facility.

 For all periods presented
 the operating results associated with
 the Traditional Business have been reclassified into net income
 (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and the assets and
 liabilities associated with this business have been reflected as
 current and long-term assets and liabilities of discontinued
 operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Cash flows from the
 Company&#x2019;s discontinued operations are presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for all periods presented.
 The Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are presented on a
 continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted.

 &#xA0;

 for the
 three and nine months ended September&#xA0;30
 2017
 the Company
 originally reported the $525.0&#xA0;million of 5.375% senior notes
 due 2022 (the &#x201C;2022 Notes&#x201D;)
 the $625.0&#xA0;million of
 6.75% senior notes due 2020 (the &#x201C;2020 Notes&#x201D;)
 the
 asset-based lending facility (the &#x201C;ABL facility&#x201D;) and
 certain other debt as liabilities of discontinued
 operations.&#xA0;However
 since Refresco did not assume the debt
 upon closing of the sale of the Traditional Business
 these items
 should not have been classified as discontinued
 operations.&#xA0;Management has evaluated this misclassification
 and determined the amounts are not material to the previously
 issued financial statements.&#xA0;The 2022 Notes
 the 2020 Notes
 and certain other debt are presented as &#x201C;Debt required to be
 repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&#x201D; and the ABL
 facility is presented as &#x201C;Short-term borrowings required to
 be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture&#x201D; on the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 






 

 The preparation of these Consolidated Financial Statements in
 conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and
 assumptions that affect the amounts of assets and liabilities and
 disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
 financial statements and the amount of revenue and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates. The Consolidated Financial Statements include estimates
 and assumptions that
 in the opinion of management
 were
 significant to the underlying amounts representing the future
 valuation of intangible assets
 long-lived assets and goodwill
 realization of deferred income tax assets
 the resolution of tax
 contingencies and projected benefit plan obligations.
 






 

 We recognize revenue
 net of sales returns
 when ownership passes
 to customers for products manufactured in our own plants and/or by
 third-parties on our behalf
 and when prices to our customers are
 fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. This
 may be upon shipment of goods or upon delivery to the customer
 depending on contractual terms. Shipping and handling costs paid by
 the customer to us are included in revenue. Although we
 occasionally accept returns of products from our customers
 historically returns have not been material.

 We also recognize rental income on filtration
 brewers and
 dispensing equipment at customer locations based on the terms of
 the related rental agreements
 which are generally measured based
 periods. Amounts
 billed to customers for rental in future periods are deferred and
 included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 






 

 We participate in various incentive programs with our customers
 including volume-based incentives
 contractual rebates and
 promotional allowances. Volume incentives are based on our
 customers achieving volume targets for a period of time. Volume
 incentives and contractual rebates are deducted from revenue and
 accrued as the incentives are earned and are based on
 management&#x2019;s estimate of the total the customer is expected
 to earn and claim. Promotional allowances are accrued at the time
 of revenue recognition and are deducted from revenue based on
 either the volume shipped or the volume sold at the retailer
 location
 depending on the terms of the allowance. We regularly
 review customer sales forecasts to ensure volume targets will be
 met and adjust incentive accruals and revenues accordingly.
 






 

 We record costs associated with the manufacturing of our products
 in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to store
 prepare and move products between production facilities or from
 production facilities to branch locations or storage facilities are
 recorded in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs incurred to
 deliver products from our Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and
 Extract Solutions reporting segment branch locations to the
 consumer of those
 products are recorded in selling
 general and administrative
 (&#x201C;SG&amp;A&#x201D;) expenses. All other costs incurred in
 shipment of products from our production facilities to customer
 locations are reflected in cost of sales. Shipping and handling
 costs included in SG&amp;A were $440.8&#xA0;million
 $360.4&#xA0;million
 and $281.9&#xA0;million for the years ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively. Finished goods inventory costs include the cost
 of direct labor and materials and the applicable share of overhead
 expense chargeable to production.
 



Selling
 general and administrative expenses



 general and administrative expenses

 We record all other expenses not charged to production as SG&amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are expensed at the commencement of an
 advertising campaign and are recognized as a component of SG&amp;A
 expenses. Advertising costs are not significant to any reporting
 segment other than Route Based Services. Advertising costs expensed
 were approximately $21.6 million
 $20.8&#xA0;million
 and
 $18.0&#xA0;million for the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and January&#xA0;2
 2016
 respectively.
 






 

 We have in effect equity incentive plans under which Time-based
 RSUs
 Performance-based RSUs
 stock options and
 director share awards have been granted (as such terms are defined
 in Note 7 of the Consolidated Financial Statements). Share-based
 compensation expense for all share-based compensation awards is
 based on the grant-date fair value. We recognized these
 compensation costs on a straight-line basis over the requisite
 service period of the award
 which is generally the vesting term of
 three years
 and account for forfeitures when they occur. The fair
 value of the Company&#x2019;s Time-based RSUs
 Performance-based
 RSUs and director share awards are based on the closing market
 price of its common shares on the date of grant as stated on the
 options as of the date of
 grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. This model
 considers
 among other factors
 the expected life of the award
 the
 expected volatility of the Company&#x2019;s share price
 and
 expected dividends. The Company records share-based compensation
 expense in SG&amp;A expenses.

 All excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies related to share-based
 compensation are recognized in results of operations at settlement
 or expiration of the award. The excess tax benefit or deficiency is
 calculated as the difference between the grant date price and the
 price of our common shares on the vesting or exercise date.
 






 

 Cash and cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments
 with original maturities not exceeding three months at the time of
 purchase. The fair values of our cash and cash equivalents
 approximate the amounts shown on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
 due to their short-term nature.
 






 

 A portion of our accounts receivable is not expected to be


 deductions. Our accounting policy for the allowance for doubtful
 accounts requires us to reserve an amount based on the evaluation
 of the aging of accounts receivable
 detailed analysis of high-risk
 customers&#x2019; accounts
 and the overall market and economic
 conditions of our customers. This evaluation considers the customer
 demographic
 such as large retailers as compared to small
 businesses or individual customers. We consider our accounts
 receivable delinquent or past due based on payment terms
 established with each customer. Accounts receivable are written off
 when the account is determined to be uncollectible.
 






 

 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost
 determined on the

 method
 or net realizable
 value. Returnable bottles are valued at the lower of cost
 deposit
 include the
 inventory costs of raw materials
 direct labor and manufacturing
 overhead costs. As a result
 we use an inventory reserve to adjust
 our inventory costs down to a net realizable value and to reserve
 for estimated obsolescence of both raw materials and finished
 goods.
 






 

 The Company generally collects deposits on three- and five-gallon
 bottles used by its HOD customers. Such deposits are refunded only
 after customers return such bottles in satisfactory condition. The
 associated bottle deposit liability is estimated based on the
 number of water customers
 average consumption and return rates and
 bottle deposit market rates. The Company analyzes these assumptions
 quarterly and adjusts the bottle deposit liability as
 necessary.
 



Property
 plant and equipment



 plant and equipment

 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated
 depreciation. Depreciation is allocated between cost of sales and
 SG&amp;A expenses and is determined using the straight-line method
 over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

 Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method
 over the remaining life of the lease or useful life of the asset
 whichever is shorter. Maintenance and repairs are charged to
 operating expense when incurred.
 






 

 Goodwill represents the excess purchase price of acquired
 businesses over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill
 is not amortized
 but instead is tested for impairment at least
 annually.

 &#xA0;

 The following table summarizes our goodwill on a reporting segment
 basis as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


&#xA0;Tea
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Balance January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill acquired during the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Goodwill acquired during the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Adjustments 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route
 Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions segments
 in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;D (see Note 3




 Cott operates through five operating segments: Route Based
 Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 Aimia
 RCI and
 Decantae. Route Based Services
 Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 are also reportable segments and Aimia
 RCI and Decantae are
 combined and disclosed in the All Other category. We test goodwill
 for impairment at least annually on the first day of the fourth
 quarter
 based on our reporting unit carrying values
 calculated as
 bearing liabilities
 as
 of the end of the third quarter
 or more frequently if we determine
 a triggering event has occurred during the year. Any impairment
 loss is recognized in our results of operations. We evaluate
 goodwill for impairment on a reporting unit basis
 which is an
 operating segment or a level below an operating segment
 referred
 to as a component. A component of an operating segment is a
 reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which
 discrete financial information is available and management
 regularly reviews the operating results of that component. However
 two or more components of an operating segment are aggregated and
 deemed a single reporting unit if the components have similar
 economic characteristics. Our Route Based Services operating
 segment was determined to have three components
 DSS
 Aquaterra and
 Eden. We have determined that DSS and Aquaterra have similar
 economic characteristics and have aggregated them as a single
 reporting unit for the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment
 (&#x201C;DSSAqua&#x201D;). For the purpose of testing goodwill for
 impairment in 2017
 we have determined our reporting units are
 DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae. DSSAqua and Eden
 are components of the Route Based Services operating segment.
 S&amp;D is a component of the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions
 operating segment.

 We had goodwill of $1
104.7&#xA0;million on our Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 which represents amounts
 for the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 Aimia
 RCI and Decantae reporting
 units.

 In the fourth quarter of 2017
 the Company early adopted Accounting


 Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
 Impairment
&#x201D; as part of the annual goodwill impairment
 testing. We have the option of performing a qualitative assessment
 to determine whether any further quantitative testing for a
 potential impairment is necessary. Our qualitative assessment will
 use judgments including
 but not limited to
 changes in the general
 economic environment
 industry considerations
 current economic
 performance compared to historical economic performance
 entity-specific events and events affecting our reporting units
 where applicable. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment
 or if we determine
 based upon our assessment of those qualitative
 factors that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the
 reporting unit is less than its net carrying value
 a quantitative
 assessment is required. Quantitative testing requires the fair
 value of the reporting unit to be compared with its carrying value.
 If the reporting unit&#x2019;s carrying value exceeds its fair
 value
 an impairment charge is recognized for the difference.

 For purposes of the 2017 annual test
 we elected to perform a
 qualitative assessment for our RCI and Decantae reporting units to
 assess whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of
 these reporting units exceeded their respective carrying values. In
 performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of
 factors including
 but not limited to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a
 negative effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial
 performance compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other relevant reporting unit events
 the impact of which are
 all significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the RCI and Decantae reporting units were greater than
 their respective carrying amount
 including goodwill
 indicating no
 impairment. Goodwill allocated to the RCI and Decantae reporting
 units as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 is $4.5&#xA0;million and
 $1.7&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 &#xA0;

 For the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units
 we
 elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and performed a
 quantitative analysis due to a decline in 2017 actual versus
 projected operating results for DSSAqua and Aimia
 and to establish
 a baseline reference for Eden and S&amp;D as 2017 was the first
 full year of operations for these businesses. We determined the
 fair value of each reporting unit being evaluated using a mix of
 the income approach (which is based on the discounted cash flows of
 the reporting unit) and the guideline public company approach. We
 weighted the income approach and the guideline public company
 approach at 50% each to determine the fair value of each reporting
 unit. We believe using a combination of these approaches provides a
 more accurate valuation because it incorporates the expected cash
 generation of the Company in addition to how a third-party market
 participant would value the reporting unit. As the business is
 assumed to continue in perpetuity
 the discounted future cash flows
 includes a terminal value. Critical assumptions used in our 2017
 valuation of the reporting units include the weighted-average
 terminal growth rates of 2.5%
 1.5%
 2.5% and 2.0% and discount
 rates of 8.0%
 9.0%
 8.5% and 11.0% for our DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D
 and Aimia reporting units
 respectively. The terminal growth rate
 assumption incorporated into the discounted cash flow calculation
 reflects our long-term view of the market and industry
 projected
 changes in the sale of our products
 pricing of such products and
 operating profit margins. The discount rate was determined using
 various factors and sensitive assumptions
 including bond yields
 size premiums and tax rates. This rate was based on the weighted
 average cost of capital a market participant would use if
 evaluating the reporting unit as an investment. These assumptions
 are considered significant unobservable inputs and represent our
 best estimate of assumptions that market participants would use to
 determine the fair value of the respective reporting units. The key
 inputs into the discounted cash flow analysis were consistent with
 market data
 where available
 indicating that the assumptions used
 were in a reasonable range of observable market data.

 Based on the quantitative assessment including consideration of the
 sensitivity of the assumptions made and methods used to determine
 fair value
 industry trends and other relevant factors
 we noted
 that the estimated fair values of DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia
 reporting units exceeded their carrying values by approximately
 42.5%
 17.4%
 25.9% and 19.2%
 respectively. Therefore no goodwill
 impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017. Goodwill allocated to the DSSAqua
 Eden
 S&amp;D and Aimia reporting units as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 are
 $612.0&#xA0;million
 $324.7&#xA0;million
 $117.8&#xA0;million and
 $44.0&#xA0;million
 respectively.

 In addition
 we note that goodwill held by reporting units in our
 Traditional Business totaled $136.8&#xA0;million at
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and is included in long-term assets of
 discontinued operations on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We
 elected to perform a qualitative assessment for our Traditional
 Business reporting units to assess whether it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of these reporting units exceeded their
 respective carrying values. In performing these assessments
 management relied on a number of factors including
 but not limited
 to
 macroeconomic conditions
 industry and market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash
 flows
 overall financial performance compared with forecasted
 projections in prior periods
 the aggregate deal consideration of
 $1.25&#xA0;billion for the sale of the Traditional Business and
 other relevant reporting unit events
 all of which require the use
 of significant judgments and estimates. Based on these factors
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 values of the Traditional Business reporting units were greater
 than their respective carrying amounts
 including goodwill
 indicating no impairment.

 Each year during the fourth quarter
 the assumptions used in
 our assessments
 such as revenue growth rates
 operating profit
 margins and discount rates
 to reflect any significant changes in
 the business environment that could materially affect the fair
 value of our reporting units. Based on the evaluations performed in
 2017
 we determined that the fair value of each of our reporting
 units exceeded their carrying amounts.
 






 

 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 our intangible assets subject to
 amortization
 net of accumulated amortization were
 $462.5&#xA0;million
 consisting principally of $428.7&#xA0;million
 of customer relationships that arose from acquisitions
 $15.8&#xA0;million of software
 and $14.2&#xA0;million of patents.
 Customer relationships are typically amortized on an accelerated
 basis for the period over which we expect to receive the economic
 benefits. With the S&amp;D Acquisition
 Eden Acquisition
 and
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 the acquired customer relationships are
 amortized over the expected remaining useful life of those
 relationships on a basis that reflects the pattern of realization
 cash flows. We review the
 estimated useful life of these intangible assets annually
 unless a
 review is required more frequently due a triggering event
 such as
 a loss of a significant customer. Our review of the estimated
 useful life takes into consideration the specific net cash flows
 related to the intangible asset. The permanent loss of
 or
 significant decline in sales to customers included in the
 intangible asset would result in either an impairment in the value
 of the intangible asset or an accelerated amortization of any
 remaining value and could lead to an impairment of the fixed assets
 that were used to service that customer. In 2016
 we recorded
 $11.4&#xA0;million in customer relationships acquired with the
 Aquaterra Acquisition
 $134.1&#xA0;million in customer
 relationships acquired with the Eden Acquisition
 and
 $113.7&#xA0;million in customer relationships acquired with the
 S&amp;D Acquisition. We did not record impairment charges for other
 intangible assets in 2017
 2016 or 2015.

 &#xA0;

 Our intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to the 2001
 acquisition of intellectual property from Royal Crown Company
 Inc.
 and include the right to manufacture our concentrates
 with
 all related inventions
 processes
 technologies
 technical and
 manufacturing information
 and the use of the Royal
 Crown brand outside of North America and Mexico (the
 &#x201C;Rights&#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the acquisition of
 DSS (the &#x201C;DSS Trademarks&#x201D;); trademarks acquired in the
 acquisition of Eden (the &#x201C;Eden Trademarks&#x201D;)
 and
 trademarks acquired in the acquisition of Aquaterra (the
 &#x201C;Aquaterra Trademarks&#x201D;). These assets have an aggregate
 net book value of $288.6&#xA0;million as of December&#xA0;30
 2017.
 There are no legal
 regulatory
 contractual
 competitive
 economic
 or other factors that limit the useful life of these intangible
 assets.

 The life of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and
 Aquaterra Trademarks are considered to be indefinite and therefore
 these intangible assets are not amortized. Rather
 they are tested
 for impairment at least annually or more frequently if we determine
 a triggering event has occurred during the year. We compare the
 carrying amount of the intangible asset to its fair value and when
 the carrying amount is greater than the fair value
 we recognize in
 income an impairment loss. During the fourth quarter of 2017
 management concluded that it was more likely than not that the fair
 value of the Rights
 DSS Trademarks
 Eden Trademarks
 and Aquaterra
 Trademarks were greater than their respective carrying value
 indicating no impairment.

 We assessed qualitative factors to determine whether the existence
 of events or circumstances indicated that it was more likely than
 not that the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks
 were less than their respective carrying value. The qualitative
 factors we assessed included macroeconomic conditions
 industry and
 market considerations
 cost factors that would have a negative
 effect on earnings and cash flows
 overall financial performance
 compared with forecasted projections in prior periods
 and other
 relevant events
 the impact of which are all significant judgements
 and estimates. We concluded that it was more likely than not that
 the fair value of the Rights and the Aquaterra Trademarks were more
 than its carrying value and therefore we were not required to
 perform any additional testing.

 To determine the fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden
 Trademarks
 we use a relief from royalty method of the income
 approach
 which calculates a fair value royalty rate that is
 applied to revenue forecasts associated with those trademarks. The
 resulting cash flows are discounted using a rate to reflect the
 risk of achieving the projected royalty savings attributable to the
 trademarks. The assumptions used to estimate the fair value of
 these trademarks are subjective and require significant management
 judgment
 including estimated future revenues
 the fair value
 royalty rate (which is estimated to be a reasonable market royalty
 charge that would be charged by a licensor of the trademarks) and
 the risk adjusted discount rate. Based on our impairment test
 the
 estimated fair value of the DSS Trademarks and the Eden Trademarks
 exceeded the carrying value by approximately 18.0% and 28.0%
 respectively. If actual revenues in future periods
 are less than
 currently projected for the DSS Trademarks and Eden Trademarks
 these trademarks could be impaired.
 






 

 When adverse events occur
 we compare the carrying amount of
 long-lived assets to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows
 at the lowest level of independent cash flows for the group of
 long-lived assets and recognize any impairment loss based on
 discounted cash flows in the Consolidated Statements of Operations
 taking into consideration the timing of testing and the
 asset&#x2019;s remaining useful life. The expected life and value of
 these long-lived assets is based on an evaluation of the
 competitive environment
 history and future prospects as
 appropriate. We did not record impairments of long-lived assets in
 2017 or 2016. As part of normal business operations
 we identify
 long-lived assets that are no longer productive and are disposed.
 Losses on disposals of assets are presented separately in our
 Consolidated Statements of Operations as part of operating income.
 We recognized losses on disposal of property
 plant&#xA0;&amp;
 equipment
 net of $10.2&#xA0;million for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 ($6.6 million&#x2014;December 31
 2016; $4.2
 million&#x2014;January 2
 2016).
 






 

 We use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to
 movements in foreign currencies and certain commodity prices. All
 derivative instruments are recorded at fair value in the
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not use derivative financial
 instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We manage credit
 risk related to the derivative financial instruments by requiring
 high credit standards for our counterparties and periodic
 settlements. Refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further information on our derivative financial
 instruments.
 






 

 active operations
 all of
 which are self-sustaining
 are translated to U.S. dollars at the
 exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet dates. Revenues and
 expenses are translated using average monthly exchange rates
 prevailing during the period. The resulting gains or losses are
 recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
 






 

 We account for income taxes under the asset and liability method.
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the
 differences between the financial statement carrying amount of
 assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases
 using
 currently enacted income tax rates. A valuation allowance is
 established to reduce deferred income tax assets if
 on the basis
 of available evidence
 it is not more likely than not that all or a
 portion of any deferred tax assets will be realized. The
 consideration of available evidence requires significant management
 judgment including an assessment of the future periods in which the
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized and
 projections of future taxable income.

 The ultimate realization of the deferred tax assets
 related to net
 operating losses
 is dependent upon the generation of future
 taxable income during the periods prior to their expiration. If our
 estimates and assumptions about future taxable income are not
 appropriate
 the value of our deferred tax assets may not be
 recoverable
 which may result in an increase to our valuation
 allowance that will impact current earnings.

 process. The first step is to
 evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the
 weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than
 not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including
 resolution of related appeals or litigation processes
 based on the
 technical merits. The second step requires management to estimate
 and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than
 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. It is
 inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts
 as we
 have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. We
 these
 uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. This evaluation is
 based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or
 circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under
 audit
 and new audit activity. Such a change in recognition or
 measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an
 additional charge to the tax provision.

 We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax
 benefits within the income tax (benefit) expense line in the
 accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and we include
 accrued interest and penalties within the accounts payable and
 accrued liabilities or the prepaid expenses and other current
 assets line in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.
 






 

 We record annual amounts relating to defined benefit pension plans
 based on calculations
 which include various actuarial assumptions
 such as discount rates and assumed rates of return on plan assets
 depending on the pension plan. Material changes in pension costs
 may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. Future
 annual amounts could be impacted by changes in the discount rate
 changes in the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets
 changes in the level of contributions to the plans and other
 factors. The funded status is the difference between the fair value
 of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Future actuarial gains
 or losses that are not recognized as net periodic benefits cost in
 the same periods will be recognized as a component of other
 comprehensive income.
 






 

 
 &#x2013; Inventory (Topic 330)

 In July 2015
 &#x2013; Inventory (Topic 330)
 to simplify the accounting for inventory. The guidance requires
 entities to measure most inventory at the lower of cost or net
 realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling
 price in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably
 predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. The
 Company adopted the provisions of this guidance effective
 January&#xA0;1
 2017
 and applied it prospectively to all periods
 presented. The adoption of this standard did not have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

 
 &#x2013; Intangibles&#x2014;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)

 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance&#xA0;regarding
 goodwill impairment. The amendments remove certain conditions of
 the goodwill impairment test and simplify the computation of
 impairment. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal
 years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim
 periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 for any tests performed after January&#xA0;1
 2017. The amendments
 in this update should be applied prospectively
 with disclosure
 required as to the nature of and reason for the change in
 accounting principle upon transition. In the fourth quarter of
 2017
 as part of the annual goodwill
 impairment testing.

 &#xA0;

 
 &#x2013; Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted Improvements
 to Accounting for Hedging Activities

 In August 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the
 improvement of accounting for hedging transactions. This new
 standard simplifies and expands the eligible hedging strategies for
 risks. It also enhances
 the transparency of how hedging results are presented and
 disclosed. Further
 the new standard provides partial relief on the
 timing of certain aspects of hedge documentation and eliminates the
 requirement to recognize hedge ineffectiveness separately in
 earnings. The guidance is designed to align hedge accounting with a
 company&#x2019;s risk management activities and simplifies its
 application through targeted improvements by expanding the list of
 items eligible to be hedged and amending the methods used to
 measure the effectiveness of hedging relationships. Additionally it
 prescribes how hedging results should be presented and requires
 incremental disclosures. The amendments in this update are
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has
 early adopted
 in an interim period
 the targeted improvements to
 accounting for hedging activities. The transition date is
 October&#xA0;1
 2017 (&#x201D;Adoption Date&#x201D;). The impacts to
 the Company at the Adoption Date are limited to S&amp;D&#x2019;s
 did not result in a cumulative
 adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings and did not
 have any other material effect on the results of operations
 financial position or cash flows of the Company.

 
 &#x2013; Revenue Recognition (Topic 605)
 Revenue from Contracts
 with Customers (Topic 606)
 Leases (Topic 840)
 and Leases (Topic
 842) &#x2013; Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to the Staff
 Announcement at the July&#xA0;20
 2017 EITF Meeting and Rescission
 of Prior SEC Staff Announcements and Observer Comments

 In August 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance that
 delays the mandatory adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 for
 certain entities
 revises the guidance related to performance-based
 incentive fees in Topic 605 and revises the guidance related to
 leases in Topic 840 and Topic 842. The revisions to the lease
 guidance eliminate language specific to certain sale-leaseback
 arrangements
 guarantees of lease residual assets and loans made by
 lessees to owner-lessors. Also included is an amendment to Topic
 842 to retain the guidance in Topic 840 covering the impact of
 changes in tax rates on investments in leveraged leases. This
 standard
 which is effective immediately
 generally relates to the
 adoption of Topic 606 and Topic 842 and did not have a material
 impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.
 






 

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

 In May 2014
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding revenue
 recognition and created a new Topic 606
 Revenue from Contracts
 with Customers. The objectives for creating Topic 606 were to
 remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue recognition
 provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues
 provide more useful information to users of the financial
 statements through improved disclosure requirements
 simplify the
 preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of
 requirements to which an entity must refer
 and improve
 comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities
 industries
 jurisdictions and capital markets. The core principle
 of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to
 depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
 an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
 expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. To
 achieve the core principle
 an entity should apply the following
 steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with a customer; 2) identify the
 performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the
 transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price to the
 performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue
 when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. For
 public entities
 the amendments are effective for annual reporting
 periods beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim
 periods within that reporting period. The amendments may be applied
 retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented or
 retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying
 the amendment recognized at the date of initial application.

 We will adopt this guidance and related amendments as of
 December&#xA0;31
 2017. The standard permits the use of either the
 retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. The Company
 has elected the cumulative effect method. We will be required to
 comply with expanded disclosure requirements
 including the
 disaggregation of revenues to depict the nature and uncertainty of
 types of revenues
 contract assets and liabilities
 current period
 revenues previously recorded as a liability
 performance
 obligations
 significant judgments and estimates affecting the
 amount and timing of revenue recognition
 determination of
 transaction prices
 and allocation of transaction prices to
 performance obligations.

 During 2017
 the Company completed its analysis of the impact of
 the standard on its contract types
 and concluded the adoption of
 this standard will not have a material impact on our Consolidated
 Financial Statements. We have also modified current processes and
 controls to apply the requirements of the new standard. We do not
 believe such modifications are material to our internal controls
 over financial reporting.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Leases (Topic 842)

 In February 2016
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 lease accounting for lessees and lessors. This update revises
 accounting for operating leases by a lessee
 among other changes
 and requires a lessee to recognize a liability to make lease
 payments and an asset representing its right to use the underlying
 asset for the lease term in the balance sheet. The distinction
 between finance and operating leases has not changed and the update
 does not significantly change the effect of finance and operating
 leases on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. Additionally
 this update
 requires both qualitative and specific quantitative disclosures.
 For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective
 for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early adoption
 permitted. A modified retrospective transition approach is required
 for leases existing at
 or entered into after
 the beginning of the
 earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements
 with certain practical expedients available.

 We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard
 on our Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company is evaluating
 the standard&#x2019;s applicability to our various contractual
 arrangements. We currently believe that the most significant
 changes relate to the recognition of new right of use assets and
 lease liabilities for real estate and equipment leases
 which will
 result in increases to our assets and liabilities on our
 Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe that substantially all of
 our lessee lease arrangements will continue to be classified as
 operating leases under the new standard.&#xA0;Additionally
 we had
 $19.9&#xA0;million of deferred gains at December&#xA0;31
 2016
 associated with sale-leaseback transactions which are currently
 being amortized over the leaseback term. Upon adoption of this
 standard
 we will be required to recognize the unamortized deferred
 gain at January&#xA0;1
 2017 as a cumulative effect adjustment to
 equity. In addition
 upon adoption of this standard
 deferred gains
 related to the sale-leaseback transactions completed in 2017 of
 $7.9&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017 will be recognized in
 net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes
 in the Consolidated Statement of Operations for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017.

 The standard also requires lessors to classify leases as
 sales-type
 direct financing or operating leases
 similar to
 existing guidance. We believe that substantially all of our lessor
 lease arrangements will continue to be classified as operating
 leases under the new standard.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Financial Instruments &#x2013; Credit Losses (Topic 326)

 In June 2016
 the FASB amended its guidance to measure all expected
 credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based
 on historical experience
 current conditions
 and reasonable and
 supportable forecasts. Entities will now use forward-looking
 information to better form their credit loss estimates. The amended
 guidance also requires enhanced disclosures to help financial
 statement users better understand significant estimates and
 judgments used in estimating credit losses
 as well as the credit
 quality and underwriting standards of an entity&#x2019;s portfolio.
 The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2019
 including interim periods
 within those fiscal years. Early adoption will be permitted for
 fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including
 interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance will be
 applied using a prospective or modified retrospective transition
 method
 depending on the area covered in this update. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

-01 &#x2013; Business
 Combination (Topic 805)

 In January 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding business
 combinations. The amendment clarified the definition of a business
 with the objective of adding guidance to assist entities with
 evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as
 acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. The amendments
 provide an analysis of fair value of assets acquired to determine
 when a set of assets is not a business
 and uses more stringent
 criteria related to inputs
 substantive process
 and outputs to
 determine if a business exists. The amendments in this update are
 effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with early
 adoption permitted. The amendments in this update should be applied
 prospectively on or after the effective date with no requirement
 for disclosures at transition.&#xA0;We are currently assessing the
 impact of adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Compensation&#x2014;Retirement Benefits (Topic 715)

 In March 2017
 the FASB issued an update to its guidance on
 presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement pension cost
 and requires the service cost
 component to be presented in the same line item or items as other
 compensation costs arising from services rendered by the pertinent
 employees during the period. The other components of net benefit
 cost are required to be presented in the income statement
 separately from the service cost component and outside a subtotal
 of income from operations. The amendments in this update also allow
 only the service cost component to be eligible for capitalization
 when applicable. For public entities
 the amendments in this update
 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017
 including interim periods within those fiscal years
 with
 early adoption permitted. At adoption
 this update will be applied
 retrospectively for the presentation of the service cost component
 and other components of net periodic pension cost and net periodic
 post-retirement benefit cost in the income statement and
 prospectively
 on or after the effective date
 for the
 capitalization of the service cost component of net periodic
 pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit in assets.
 Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an entity should provide
 disclosures about a change in accounting principle. We are
 currently assessing the impact of adoption of this standard on our
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 &#xA0;

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Receivables&#x2014;Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs
 (Subtopic&#xA0;

 In March 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance on accounting for debt
 securities. The amendments shorten the amortization period for
 certain callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically
 the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest
 call date. The amendments do not require an accounting change for
 securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be
 amortized to maturity. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted. If an entity early
 adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should
 be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
 that interim period. At adoption
 this update will be applied using
 a modified retrospective basis through a cumulative-effect
 adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the beginning of the
 period of adoption. Additionally
 in the period of adoption
 an
 entity should provide disclosures about a change in accounting
 principle. We are currently assessing the impact of adoption of
 this standard on our Consolidated Financial Statements.

&#xA0;&#x2013;
 Stock Compensation &#x2013; Scope of Modification Accounting (Topic
 718)

 In May 2017
 the FASB amended its guidance regarding the scope of
 modification accounting for share-based compensation arrangements.
 The amendments provide guidance about which changes to the terms or
 conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to
 apply modification accounting in Topic 718. For public entities
 the amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&#xA0;15
 2017. Early adoption is
 permitted
 including adoption in any interim period
 for public
 entities for reporting periods for which financial statements have
 not yet been issued. The amendments in this update should be
 applied prospectively to an award modified on or after the adoption
 date. We do not expect adoption of this standard to have a
 significant impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements.


 Comprehensive Income (Topic 220)

 In February 2018
 the FASB amended its guidance which allows a
 reclassification from accumulated other comprehensive income to
 retained earnings for stranded tax effects resulting from the
 comprehensive tax legislation enacted by the U.S. government on
 December 22
 2017 commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act
 (the &#x201C;Tax Act&#x201D;) and requires certain disclosures about
 stranded tax effects. For public entities
 the amendments in this
 update are effective for fiscal years beginning after
 December&#xA0;15
 2018
 including interim periods within those
 fiscal years
 with early adoption permitted
 and may be applied in
 the period of adoption or retrospectively to each period in which
 the effect of the change in the U.S. federal corporate tax rate in
 the Tax Act is recognized. We are currently assessing the impact of
 adoption of this standard on our Consolidated Financial
 Statements.
 





























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for salaries
 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))



























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for recognition of costs in the period which correspond to the sales and revenue categories presented in the statement of operations. The accounting policy may include the amount and nature of costs incurred
 provisions associated with inventories
 purchase discounts
 freight and other costs included in cost of sales incurred and recorded in the period. This disclosure also includes the nature of costs of sales incurred and recorded in the statement of operations for the period relating to transactions with related parties.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity
 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The following table summarizes our goodwill on a reporting segment
 basis as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


&#xA0;Tea
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Balance January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill acquired during the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Goodwill acquired during the year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Adjustments 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 2017
 we recorded adjustments to goodwill allocated to the Route
 Based Services and the Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions segments
 in connection with the acquisitions of Eden and S&amp;D (see Note 3



 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The major components of net income (loss) from discontinued
 operations
 net of income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated
 Statements of Operations include the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net

 
 
1
637.1
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Cost of sales

 
 
1
428.4
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Operating income from discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Loss from discontinued operations
 before income taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Income tax (benefit) expense 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Less: Net income attributable to 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net income (loss) attributable to Cott Corporation &#x2013;
 discontinued operations 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 result in a gain on sale which led to certain U.S. deferred tax
 liabilities being considered as a source of future taxable income.
 As a result
 we recognized a tax benefit of approximately
 $26.9&#xA0;million related to a corresponding U.S. valuation





 

 Cott Corporation - discontinued operations is inclusive of interest
 expense on short-term borrowings and debt required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture of $49.5 million for the year
 ended December 30
 2017 (December&#xA0;31
 2016 - $81.2 million;
 January 2




 Assets and liabilities of discontinued operations presented in the
 accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 include the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash&#xA0;&amp; cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Current maturities of long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017




 &#xA0;The unaudited pro forma financial information does not
 necessarily reflect the results of operations that would have
 occurred had we operated as a single entity during such
 periods.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 





 except per share amounts)

 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Revenue

 
 


 
 
 


 




 Net loss from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net loss attributed to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net loss per common share from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net loss per common share attributed to Cott Corporation
 diluted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 











 The total consideration paid by Cott in the S&amp;D Acquisition is
 summarized below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Cash paid to sellers

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid on behalf of sellers for sellers&#x2019; transaction
 expenses

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid to retire outstanding debt on behalf of sellers

 
 
 
 




 Working capital settlement

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total consideration

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 Reported
 
 
 
 Adjustments
 
 
 
 Value
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Inventory

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the S&amp;D Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Useful&#xA0;Life




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 agreements

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Software

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 











 The total consideration paid by Cott in the Eden Acquisition is
 summarized below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Cash paid to sellers

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid on behalf of sellers to retire outstanding
 indebtedness

 
 
 
 




 Cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net

 
 
 
 




 Working capital settlement

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total consideration

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The table below summarizes the originally reported estimated
 acquisition date fair values
 measurement period adjustments
 recorded and the final purchase price allocation of the assets
 acquired and liabilities assumed:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 Reported
 
 
 
 Adjustments
 
 
 
 




 Cash&#xA0;&amp; cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Current maturities of long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Deferred tax liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Eden Acquisition and their
 estimated weighted average useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Useful Life




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks and trade names

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Software

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 











 The table below summarizes the allocation of the purchase price to
 the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Cash

 
 
 
 




 Accounts receivable

 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 




 Prepaid expenses and other current assets

 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 




 Other assets

 
 
 
 




 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 




 Long-term debt

 
 
 
 




 Other long-term liabilities

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table sets forth the components of identified
 intangible assets associated with the Aquaterra Acquisition and
 their estimated weighted average useful lives:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 Useful Life




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks and trade names

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 




































Tabular disclosure of a material business combination completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. This table  does not include leveraged buyouts.




























Tabular disclosure of finite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination or through an asset purchase
 by major class and in total
 including the value of the asset acquired
 any significant residual value (the expected value of the asset at the end of its useful life) and the weighted-average amortization period.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Other (Income) Expense
 Net (Tables)


Dec. 30
 2017









 The following table summarizes other (income) expense
 net for the
 years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Foreign exchange (gains) losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Realized commodity hedging gains

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Unrealized commodity hedging loss (gain)
 net

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Gain on extinguishment of long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other losses (gains)
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of the components of non-operating income or non-operating expense that may include amounts earned from dividends
 interest on securities
 gains (losses) on securities sold
 equity earnings of unconsolidated affiliates
 net gain (loss) on sales of business
 interest expense and other miscellaneous income or expense items.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017

Banking and Thrift
 Interest [Abstract]







 The following table summarizes interest expense
 net for the years
 ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Interest on long-term debt

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other interest expense
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 (Loss) income from continuing operations
 before income taxes
 consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 before income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 Income tax (benefit) expense consisted of the following:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Outside Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table reconciles income taxes calculated at the basic
 Canadian corporate rates with the income tax provision:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Income tax (benefit) expense based on Canadian statutory rates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign tax rate differential

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Local taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Nontaxable interest income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Impact of intercompany transactions and dividends

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Nontaxable capital gains

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Dividend income

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in enacted tax rates

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Change in uncertain tax positions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Equity compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Permanent differences

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Adjustments to deferred taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other items

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Income tax (benefit) expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 Deferred income tax assets and liabilities were recognized on
 temporary differences between the financial and tax bases of
 existing assets and liabilities as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net operating loss carryforwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Capital loss carryforwards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Liabilities and reserves

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inventories

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest expense

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Outside basis differences on discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Intangible assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Valuation allowance

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 






 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of our
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Unrecognized tax benefits at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions based on tax positions taken during a prior period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Reductions based on tax positions taken during a prior period

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Settlement on tax positions taken during a prior period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Tax rate change

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Lapse in statute of limitations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current
 period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign exchange

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure for tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities and other income tax contingencies. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest and penalties
 reconciliation of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits that would affect the effective tax rate
 tax years that remain subject to examination by tax jurisdictions
 and information about positions for which it is reasonably possible that amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017

Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]







 The table below summarizes the share-based compensation expense for
 the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016
 and
 January&#xA0;2
 2016.&#xA0;&#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Performance-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Time-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Director share awards

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employee Share Purchase Plan

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 $2.4 million
 and $2.7 million of share-based compensation expense from our
 discontinued operations
 which were included in net income (loss)
 from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes on the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December
 30
 2017
 December 31
 2016 and January 2
 2016



 






 As of December&#xA0;30
 2017
 the unrecognized share-based
 compensation expense and weighted average years over which we
 expect to recognize it as compensation expense were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 except years)

 
 
 compensation&#xA0;expense

&#xA0; 2017
 
 

 
 expected&#xA0;to&#xA0;recognize
 
 




 Stock options

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Performance-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Time-based RSUs

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 




 Total

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 


 






 The grant date fair value of each option granted during 2017
 2016
 and 2015 was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
 option pricing model with the following weighted-average
 assumptions:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 Risk-free interest rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Average expected life (years)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected volatility

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected dividend yield

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The following table summarizes the activity for Company stock
 options:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 
 
 


 price
 
 
 


 (years)
 
 
 
 intrinsic
 
 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 





 2015

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited or expired

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Granted

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Forfeited or expired

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Granted

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Exercised

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Forfeited or expired

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 (in&#xA0;thousands)
 
 
 
 Grant-Date
 
 
 
 
 
 RSUs
 
 
 
 
 Grant-Date
 
 





 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Awarded

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Awarded in connection with modification

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Issued

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Awarded

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Awarded in connection with acquisitions 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Issued 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Cancelled

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Awarded

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Awarded in connection with modification

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Issued

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Forfeited

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 





 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 to Eden and S&amp;D employees in connection with the Eden





 

951 common shares
 granted to certain S&amp;D employees in connection with the S&amp;D
 Acquisition; the common shares were fully vested upon



 



































Tabular disclosure of the amount of total share-based compensation cost
 including the amounts attributable to each share-based compensation plan and any related tax benefits.




























Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the numerator and
 denominator for the diluted net (loss) income per common share
 computations for the periods indicated:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Denominator (in thousands):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

 
 
139
078
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Denominator (in thousands):

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic

 
 
139
078
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dilutive effect of Stock Options

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dilutive effect of Performance based RSUs

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Dilutive effect of Time-based RSUs

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted

 
 
139
078
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The following table summarizes anti-dilutive securities excluded
 from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per common share
 for the periods indicated:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 Stock options

 
 
5
006
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Performance-based RSUs 

 
 
2
235
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Time-based RSUs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 number of shares expected to be issued based on the estimated
 achievement of 





 

 of shares expected to be issued based on known employee retention



 



































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee


 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net 

 
 
1
501.7
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 


 




 Depreciation and amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Operating income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Total segment assets 

 
 
2
343.4
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&#xA0;30





 





 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
Coffee
 Tea
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Depreciation and amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Operating income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Goodwill

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Intangible assets
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Total segment assets 

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Additions to property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended December&#xA0;31





 





 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee


 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net 

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Depreciation and amortization

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Operating (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Additions to property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 

 of related party concentrate sales to discontinued operations for
 the year ended January&#xA0;2



 






 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 

 
December&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 




 Segment assets 

 
 
3
006.9
 
 
 


 




 Assets of discontinued operations 

 
 
1
086.2
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
4
093.1
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 &#xA0;Revenues generated from sales to external customers by
 geographic area were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 2016
 




 United States

 
 
1
709.0
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 United Kingdom

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 All other countries

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
2
269.7
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 Revenues by channel by reporting segment were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
For the Year Ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee


 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 




Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Home and office bottled water delivery

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee and tea services

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Retail

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
1
501.7
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
269.7
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
For the Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee



 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 




Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Home and office bottled water delivery

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee and tea services

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Retail

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
For the Year Ended January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 

 Services
 
 
Coffee



 Solutions
 
 
 
 Other
 
 
 
 




Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Home and office bottled water delivery

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee and tea services

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Retail

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



Property
 Plant and Equipment by Geographic Area


 Property
 plant&#xA0;&amp; equipment
 net by geographic area as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30

 2017
 
 
 
 2016
 




 United States

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Canada

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 All other countries 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 10% of total property
 plant and equipment as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31



 







Tabular disclosure of long-lived assets
 excluding financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
 by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets.



















































































































Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Accounts Receivable
 Net (Tables)


Dec. 30
 2017






Schedule of Accounts Receivable
 Net


 The following table summarizes accounts receivable
 net as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 


&#xA0;2017
 
 


&#xA0;2016
 




 Trade receivables

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Allowance for doubtful accounts

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The following table summarizes inventories as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 


&#xA0;2017
 
 


&#xA0;2016
 




 Raw materials

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Finished goods

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Resale items

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net (Tables)


Dec. 30
 2017

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment


 The following table summarizes property
 plant and equipment
 net
 as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 

 in Years
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Depreciation
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Depreciation
 
 
 
 




 Land

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Buildings

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Machinery and equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plates
 films and molds

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Vehicles and transportation equipment

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Leasehold improvements 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 IT Systems

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Furniture and fixtures

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer equipment 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Returnable bottles 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Capital leases 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the related





 

 Based Services reporting segment consists of coolers
 brewers
 refrigerators
 water purification devices and storage racks held on





 






 

 leases relate to machinery and equipment
 IT systems
 customer



 



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The following table summarizes intangible assets as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 Amortization
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Amortization
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rights 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Trademarks

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Customer relationships

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Patents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Software

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 




 






 The estimated amortization expense for intangible assets subject to
 amortization over the next five years is:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 
 
 




 2021

 
 
 
 




 2022

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The following table summarizes accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 


&#xA0;2017
 
 


&#xA0;2016
 




 Trade payables

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued compensation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued sales incentives

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued interest

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Payroll
 sales and other taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Accrued deposits

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other accrued liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 Our total debt as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 was as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 Debt
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Debt
 
 
 
 
 




 6.750% senior notes due in 2020

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 10.000% senior notes due in 2021&#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 5.375% senior notes due in 2022

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 5.500% senior notes due in 2024

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 5.500% senior notes due in 2025

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 ABL facility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 GE Term Loan

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Other debt financing

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Capital leases

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
2
313.5
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
287.0
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Less: Short-term borrowings and current debt:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 ABL facility

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




Total short-term borrowings required to be repaid or
 extinguished as part of divestiture

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 GE Term Loan - current maturities

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Other debt financing

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Capital leases -current maturities

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Less: Debt required to be repaid or extinguished as part of
 divestiture

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 6.750% senior notes due in 2020

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 5.375% senior notes due in 2022

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 GE Term Loan

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as
 part of divestiture

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
1
563.1
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
542.6
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 amount and unamortized premium of our DSS Notes was
 $250.0&#xA0;million and $19.9&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 and $350.0&#xA0;million and $34.2&#xA0;million at
 December&#xA0;31
 2016



 






 The long-term debt payments (which include current maturities of
 long-term debt) required in each of the next five years and
 thereafter are as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 

 
 (incl. current)
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 
 
 




 2021

 
 
 
 




 2022

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
1
289.4
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
2
293.6
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017

Summary of Change in Benefit Obligations
 Change in Plan Assets and Unfunded Status of DB Plans


 The following table summarizes the change in the projected benefit
 obligation
 change in plan assets and unfunded status of the DB
 plans as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Service cost

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial losses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlement gains

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Curtailment gains

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Translation gains

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Projected benefit obligation at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan assets beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 

 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employer contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan participant contributions

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Curtailment losses

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actual return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Translation losses

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Fair value at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Unfunded status

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial losses

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Settlement gains

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Translation gains

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Projected benefit obligation at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan assets beginning of year

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Business combinations

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employer contributions

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Plan participant contributions

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Benefit payments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actual return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Translation losses

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Fair value at end of year

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Projected benefit obligation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fair value of plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Unfunded status

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The components of net periodic pension cost were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of prior service costs

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Recognized net loss due to settlement

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Amortization of net actuarial loss

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Curtailment gain

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Employees contribution

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Service cost

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of prior service costs

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Recognized net loss due to settlement

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Amortization of net actuarial loss

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Employees contribution

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Interest cost

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Expected return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net periodic pension cost

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



Schedule of Amounts Included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
 Net of Tax which have Not yet been Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost


 Amounts included in accumulated other comprehensive loss
 net of
 tax
 which
 have not yet been recognized in net periodic benefit cost were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net actuarial loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net actuarial loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 


 
 
January&#xA0;2
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Unamortized prior service cost

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Unrecognized net actuarial loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total accumulated other comprehensive loss

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 Our DB plans weighted-average asset allocations by asset category
 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fixed income investments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Equity securities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Fixed income investments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Real estate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The following benefit payments are expected to be paid in the
 periods indicated below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2018

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2019

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2020

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2021

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2022

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 FY 2023 through FY 2027

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 






 The fair values of the Company&#x2019;s International plan assets at
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 were as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 equity
 securities

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Other

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 




 Insurance contract

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Real estate

 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cash and cash equivalents

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 equity
 securities

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 




 Other

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 




 Insurance contract

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Real estate

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 











 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine the projected benefit obligation:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Rate of compensation increase

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 CPI Inflation factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 











 The following table summarizes the weighted average actuarial
 assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 
 
January&#xA0;2
&#xA0;2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Discount rate

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Inflation factor

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




































Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.




























Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation of beginning and ending balances of the fair value of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects during the period attributable to each of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 and settlements.




























Tabular disclosure of one or more of the entity's defined benefit pension plans or one or more other defined benefit postretirement plans
 separately for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans including the entity's schedule of fair value of plan assets for defined benefit or other postretirement plans.

























































Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.




























Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost
 such as the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 Changes in consolidated accumulated other comprehensive (loss)
 income (&#x201C;AOCI&#x201D;) by component for the years ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and January&#xA0;2
 2016 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 Instruments
 
 
 

 Plan&#xA0;Items
 
 
 

 Adjustment&#xA0;Items
 
 
 
 




 Balance at January&#xA0;3
 2015

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 OCI before reclassifications

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amounts reclassified from AOCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net current-period OCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Purchase of subsidiary shares from 

 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 OCI before reclassifications

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amounts reclassified from AOCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net current-period OCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 OCI before reclassifications

 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Amounts reclassified from AOCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net current-period OCI

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Balance December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 &#xA0;


 
 


 






 The following table summarizes the amounts reclassified from AOCI
 to total net income (loss) for the years ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 December&#xA0;31
 2016 and January&#xA0;2
 2016:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 





 

 

 
December&#xA0;30

 
 
 
December&#xA0;31

 
 
 
January&#xA0;2

 
 
 




 Gains and losses on derivative instruments

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Foreign currency and commodity hedges

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Amortization of pension benefit plan items

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Prior service costs 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Actuarial (losses)/gains 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 




 Total reclassifications for the period

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 
 



 &#xA0;


 






 




 










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The minimum annual payments under operating leases are as
 follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 2018

 
 
 
 




 2019

 
 
 
 




 2020

 
 
 
 




 2021

 
 
 
 




 2022

 
 
 
 




 Thereafter

 
 
 
 


 






 Operating lease expenses were:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
 
 




 Year ended December&#xA0;30
 2017

 
 
 
 




 Year ended December&#xA0;31
 2016

 
 
 
 




 Year ended January&#xA0;2
 2016

 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)



























Tabular disclosure of rental expense from operating leases for each period for which an income statement is presented with separate amounts for minimum rentals
 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals.  Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 Set forth below is a reconciliation of the Company&#x2019;s
 derivatives by contract type for the period indicated:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee futures 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 excludes amounts in the related margin accounts. As of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016
 the aggregate
 margin account balances were $5.3&#xA0;million and
 $9.2&#xA0;million
 respectively and are included in cash&#xA0;&amp;



 






 The fair value of the coffee futures assets and liabilities which
 are shown on a net basis are reconciled in the table below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 

 
December&#xA0;30
&#xA0;2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
&#xA0;2016
 




 Coffee futures assets

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Coffee futures liabilities

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net liability

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 






 The location and amount of gains or losses recognized in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for cash flow hedging
 relationships relationship
 basis
 for the year ended
 December&#xA0;30
 2017
 is shown in the table below:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 

&#xA0;2017
 




 

 
 
 




 Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the
 Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash
 flow hedges are recorded

 
 
1
142.0
 




 

 
 
 
 




 Coffee futures:

 
 
 
 




 Gain reclassfied from AOCI into income

 
 
 
 


 



































Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.




























Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.




























Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 The carrying values and estimated fair values of our significant
 outstanding debt as of December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 were as follows:

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
December&#xA0;30
 2017
 
 
December&#xA0;31
 2016
 




 

 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 Value
 
 
 
 Value
 





 3

 
 

 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 2

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 





 3

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Total

 
 
2
057.5
 
 
 
2
156.6
 
 
 


 
 
 


 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;


 

 trading levels and bid/offer prices observed by a market
 participant and are considered Level&#xA0;2 financial





 

 $19.9&#xA0;million and $34.2&#xA0;million at December&#xA0;30
 2017
 and December&#xA0;31
 2016





 

 outstanding debt is net of unamortized debt issuance costs as of
 December&#xA0;30
 2017 and December&#xA0;31
 2016 (see Note 15 to



 



































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to carrying amount and estimated fair value of short-term and long-term debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to
 identification of terms
 features
 and collateral requirements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 30
 2017









 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended December&#xA0;30
 2017
 





 except per share amounts)

 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2
269.7
 




 Cost of sales

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
142.0
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Gross profit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
127.7
 




 SG&amp;A expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1
042.7
 




 Loss (gain) on disposal of property plant and equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Acquisition and integration expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Operating income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 net of income taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 interests -
 discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Per share data:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to Cott
 Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Diluted:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 
Year Ended December&#xA0;31
 2016
 





 except per share amounts)

 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 Quarter
 
 
 
 




 Revenue
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 




 Cost of sales

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Gross profit

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 SG&amp;A expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 net

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Acquisition and integration expenses

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Operating income (loss)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net income (loss) from continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income
 taxes

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 interests -
 discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income attributable to Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Per share data:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Net (loss) income per common share attributable to

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Cott Corporation

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Basic:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Diluted:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 




 Continuing operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Discontinued operations

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 




 Net (loss) income

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 
 


 &#xA0;



 &#xA0;

 


 



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























400
000




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























































Dec. 31
 2017






























































































































200
000


500
000


200
000


300
000)


600
000


000
000


200
000






900
000


500
000


900
000















057
500
000








982
100
000












057
500
000


982
100
000















Vesting period of share-based compensation awards
 in years















































































104
700
000








048
300
000












104
700
000


048
300
000


700
000





























































































100
000








000
000












100
000


000
000















Intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization

500
000








400
000












500
000


400
000
























































600
000








600
000












600
000


600
000






















































Loss on disposal of property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net

400
000


000)


900
000


300
000


000
000


400
000


400
000


800
000






200
000


600
000


200
000





























































































000
000


000
000






900
000








000
000




000
000


900
000












000
000



































































































































































000
000






700
000








000
000






700
000










000
000



















































































Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member]















































































250
000
000




















250
000
000






250
000
000













800
000




















800
000






































































































































Intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization

700
000








000
000












700
000


000
000





























































































Intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization

800
000








200
000












800
000


200
000





























































































Intangible assets subject to amortization
 net of accumulated amortization

200
000




















200
000








































































































































000
000




















000
000







































































































































































































500
000







































000



































600
000


800
000


000
000















700
000








500
000












700
000


500
000


100
000





























































































500
000




















500
000








































































































































000
000




















000
000



























































































































































































































































Route Based Services and Coffee
 Tea and Extract Solutions [Member] | Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]



































































































800
000


400
000


900
000














































































































































































































































































































































































700
000




















700
000








































































































































800
000




















800
000










700
000


































































































































































































































100
000































































































800
000




















800
000








100
000




































































































































































































































700
000































































































200
000




















200
000























































































































400
000






























































































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Description of the deposits held by the entity
 which may include a description of the types and repayment terms of the deposits
 the accounting policy for the deposits and the amount of the liabilities recognized for the deposits.




























Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 from an acquisition.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.
















































































































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.



















































































































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.




























Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











048.3




























104.7


048.3




















































Coffee
Tea and Extract Solutions [Member]






































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Jan. 30
 2018
Sep. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Jul. 24
 2017
Jun. 30
 2014
Aug. 31
 2013


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
































313
500


225
400





















300


000


































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
































004
100


401
700


500



















990
700


318
900


101
800
































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
































000


000
















































































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
































900


200








000








































































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
































300


000


































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























000



































































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























000


























































































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























000























500





















Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Subsequent Event [Member]






















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























250























000












































Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member]






















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
































250
000






250
000







Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member] | Subsequent Event [Member]






















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























250
000












































Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member] | Maximum [Member] | Subsequent Event [Member]






















Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]

























































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Discontinued Operations - Major Components of Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Income Taxes in Consolidated Statements of Operations (Detail) - USD ($)




Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes

















































Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member]
























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























Revenue
 net

















637.1


658.6


799.6





















428.4


434.5


554.6




























Loss from discontinued operations
 before income taxes

















































Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes














































































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of operating income (loss) attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Discontinued Operations - Major Components of Net Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations
 Net of Income Taxes in Consolidated Statements of Operations (Parenthetical) (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]

















Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member]








Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]

















Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member] | U.S. Federal [Member] | Valuation Allowance of Deferred Tax Assets [Member]








Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]



















































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)

















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
























































Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Traditional CSD and Juice Business [Member]


























Accounts receivable
 net



































Property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net

















Intangible assets
 net








Other long-term assets
 net



















































































































































































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.

























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount classified as goodwill attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as prepaid and other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Aug. 11
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






















  2016


























































951













































Date when the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.






















































































Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions




















































































































































Cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net




































Business combination cash paid to retire sellers financing payables
 net










































































































































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions

















































104.7


048.3





































































































Property
 plant &amp; equipment

















































































































































































































Property
 plant &amp; equipment






























































































































































































































































Property
 plant &amp; equipment























































































































Scenario
 Adjustment [Member] | S&amp;D Acquisition [Member]





























Property
 plant &amp; equipment



























































Scenario
 Adjustment [Member] | Eden Acquisition [Member]












































Property
 plant &amp; equipment























































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards acquired at the acquisition date
 classified as noncurrent.



















































































































Amount of long-term debt due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions





























































































































  2016


  2016









Business acquisitions
 stated purchase price | &#8364;












Business acquisitions
 cash on hand

























Business acquisitions
 other items | &#8364;




























































































































































































































Date when the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.






















































































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of tangible or intangible assets
 including a business or subsidiary of the acquirer transferred by the entity to the former owners of the acquiree. Excludes cash.






















































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























The cash inflow from a borrowing with the highest claim on the assets of the entity in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer).































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 CAD in Millions
 $ in Millions





























































  2016


  2016














































































Date when the acquirer obtains control of the acquiree
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.



















































































































Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 11
 2016
Aug. 02
 2016
Jan. 04
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017



































Aquaterra Corporation [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]
































Aquaterra Corporation [Member] | Trademarks and Trade Names [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































Aquaterra Corporation [Member] | Customer Relationships [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































S&amp;D Acquisition [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































S&amp;D Acquisition [Member] | Customer Relationships [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































S&amp;D Acquisition [Member] | Non-Competition Agreements [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































S&amp;D Acquisition [Member] | Software [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































Eden Acquisition [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]
































Eden Acquisition [Member] | Trademarks and Trade Names [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































Eden Acquisition [Member] | Customer Relationships [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]


































































































Eden Acquisition [Member] | Software [Member] | Income Approach Valuation Technique [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]

































































Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.












































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions



Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Business Acquisition
 Pro Forma Information [Abstract]








185.5


157.4
























Net loss per common share attributed to Cott Corporation
 diluted







































Per basic share amount of pro forma income from continuing operations
 after tax
 as if the business combination had been completed at the beginning of a period.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Other (Income) Expense
 Net - Schedule of Other (Income) and Expenses (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016





























Unrealized commodity hedging loss (gain)
 net

















Other losses (gains)
 net


















































The difference between the book value and the sale price of options
 swaps
 futures
 forward contracts
 and other derivative instruments. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings.





















































































Amount of gain (loss) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7
9)



























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016




















Other interest expense
 net





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016







































































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016





























Income tax (benefit) expense
 current continuing operations
 Total



































Income tax (benefit) expense
 deferred continued operations
 Total




























































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016













































































































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.







































































































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











































































































Deferred tax assets
 gross













Property
 plant &amp; equipment
















































































































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowances
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences from reserves and accruals
 compensation and benefit costs
 and other provisions
 reserves
 and allowances.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Jan. 03
 2015
































200
000













300
000


























800
000













000
000













800
000













100
000













100
000


700
000











200
000


600
000


900
000


300
000







400
000)













200
000













600
000















000


800
000





Interest and penalties recovered
 unrecognized tax benefits












Scenario
 Forecast [Member]




































































600
000













900
000









Tax and Customs Administration
 Netherlands [Member]





























100
000







































200
000













300
000









Credit carryforwards
 other



000







































600
000













900
000







































900
000







































500
000









Canada
 UK and Other Countries [Member]





























500
000







































500
000






300
000





























Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date












Minimum [Member] | Tax and Customs Administration
 Netherlands [Member]

























Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date










































018
000
000









Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date












Credit carryforwards
 expiration date






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date












Maximum [Member] | Tax and Customs Administration
 Netherlands [Member]

























Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date












Credit carryforwards
 expiration date






































Operating loss carryforwards
 expiration date







































































































Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
 change in tax rate
 income tax expense (benefit).













































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards
 classified as other.
















































































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.




























The amount of the tax credit carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
















































































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.


















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


























































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 resulting from settlements with taxing authorities prior period tax positions.






















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Mar. 31
 2015
Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 29
 2017
Dec. 30
 2016
Dec. 31
 2015



























000
000






































432
533



















900
000


400
000


300
000















000


800
000


700
000





















































600
000


700
000



















300
000

















400
000


600
000


500
000









Options exercised
 Shares









000





















































200
000

























































000
000


300
000


900
000















000


000


000















600
000




800
000





















































200
000


300
000


400
000















000


000


000















300
000


300
000


000








































































500
000


700
000


900
000









Stock options granted
 shares





000


976
000


000









Options granted
 exercise price per share


















Options exercised
 Shares





000


000


000





















































100
000



















060

























































030

























































269






































































Equity based awards
 vesting description





 in 2016
 we granted 33
030 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2019 fiscal year
 and 202
269 Performance-based RSUs
 which vest on the last day of our 2020 fiscal year. The number of shares ultimately awarded will be based upon the performance percentage
 which can range from 0% to 200% of the awards granted. The Performance-based RSUs vest primarily on the Company&#8217;s achievement of a specified level of cumulative pre-tax income for the applicable performance period. The number of Performance-based RSUs that may vest and the related unrecognized compensation cost is subject to change based on the level of targeted pre-tax income that is achieved during the vesting period. The Company also granted 134
840 Time-based RSUs
 which vest in three equal annual installments on the first
 second and third anniversaries of the date of grant and are based upon a service condition.





















840






















































































































































































Equity based awards
 vesting description





 2017 vest in three  equal annual installments on the first
 second and third anniversaries of the  date of grant.



















































Stock options granted
 shares





500













Options granted
 exercise price per share


















Options granted
 estimated fair value

















































































































Stock options granted
 shares







975
500











Options granted
 exercise price per share


















Options granted
 estimated fair value

















































































































Stock options granted
 shares









000









Options granted
 exercise price per share


















Options granted
 estimated fair value



















































































































000
000



















000




000


000


000




























Payroll deduction to purchase share
 Minimum


















Payroll deduction to purchase share
 Maximum
























735
506


































































































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
















































































































































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Description of award terms as to how many shares or portion of an award are no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 thereby giving the employee the legal right to convert the award to shares
 to sell the shares
 and be entitled to the cash proceeds of such sale. For example
 vesting may be expressed as being 25 percent of the shares under option on each anniversary of the grant date.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.






















































































The maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) originally approved (usually by shareholders and board of directors)
 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).



















































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Mar. 31
 2015
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016

































































































































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]



























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















































































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]



































































































































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands




Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Jan. 03
 2015















Options exercised
 Shares






































Beginning balance
 Shares



474


757


221





Options granted
 Shares





976







Options exercised
 Shares












Options forfeited or expired
 Shares












Ending balance
 Shares



006


474


757


221



Exercisable shares
 Ending balance



402









Beginning balance
 Weighted average exercise price












Vested or expected to vest at December 30
 2017



006









Granted
 Weighted average exercise price












Options exercised
 Weighted average exercise price












Forfeited or expired
 Weighted average exercise price












Ending balance
 Weighted average exercise price












Exercisable at December 30
 2017
 Weighted average exercise price












Beginning balance
 Aggregate intrinsic value



623
300


373
800




700



Vested or expected to vest at December 30
 2017
 Weighted average exercise price












Beginning balance
 Weighted average contractual term (years)












Exercisable at December 30
 2017
 Weighted average contractual term (years)












Vested or expected to vest at December 30
 2017
 Weighted average contractual term (years)












Exercised
 Aggregate intrinsic value



092
900


304
700


400





Ending balance
 Aggregate intrinsic value



952
300


623
300


373
800





Exercisable at December 30
 2017
 Aggregate intrinsic value



647
800









Vested or expected to vest at December 30
 2017
 Aggregate intrinsic value



952
300

































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.



















































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

























































Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Number of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding that can be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Weighted-average exercise price
 at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance
 for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.



















































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Weighted average remaining contractual term for fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016




















Beginning balance
 Shares

063


878


782












Awarded in connection with modification
 Shares








Awarded in connection with acquisitions
 Shares








Issued
 Shares








Cancelled
 Shares








Forfeited
 Shares








Ending balance
 Shares

899


063


878



Beginning balance
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Vested or expected to vest at December 30
 2017

235







Awarded
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Awarded in connection with modification
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Awarded in connection with acquisitions
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Issued
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Cancelled
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Forfeited
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Ending balance
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Vested or expected to vest at December 31
 2016


























Beginning balance
 Shares

















Awarded in connection with acquisitions
 Shares








Issued
 Shares



027)





Forfeited
 Shares








Ending balance
 Shares








Beginning balance
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Vested or expected to vest at December 30
 2017








Awarded
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Awarded in connection with acquisitions
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Issued
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Forfeited
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Ending balance
 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value








Vested or expected to vest at December 31
 2016


























































































































































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

























































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























Number of fully vested and expected to vest exercisable options that may be converted into shares under option plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.




























Weighted-average exercise price
 at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance
 for fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes
 but is not limited to
 unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition
 if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























951









































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions





Jun. 29
 2016
Mar. 09
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]






































Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]














088
000












































































Earnings Per Share
 Diluted
 by Common Class
 Including Two Class Method [Line Items]
















765
000


















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Millions




Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
























































































































078


290


037

























































































































078


290


037





















078


290


037












































































































































































































































































































































Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.








































































































































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016






















006


474


757























235


070


631


























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016





























093.1








939.7








093.1


939.7





Revenue
 net

















269.7


623.2


187.3





















































Property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net


























104.7








048.3








104.7


048.3





Intangible assets
 net
























Additions to property
 plant &amp; equipment




























































































































Coffee
Tea and Extract Solutions [Member]









































































































































































































006.9








921.1








006.9


921.1

























































343.4








287.1








343.4


287.1





Revenue
 net

















501.7


224.3


021.2





















































Property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net

















































Intangible assets
 net
























Additions to property
 plant &amp; equipment
























Operating Segments [Member] | Coffee
Tea and Extract Solutions [Member]










































































Revenue
 net










































































Property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net

















































Intangible assets
 net
























Additions to property
 plant &amp; equipment



































































































Revenue
 net










































































Property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net

















































Intangible assets
 net
























Additions to property
 plant &amp; equipment




































































































































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016



























Revenue
 net

















269.7


623.2


187.3





















































Revenue
 net
























Operating Segments [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | Concentrate [Member] | All Other [Member]

















































Revenue
 net




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016











093.1


939.7



















006.9


921.1



















086.2


018.6




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016













































269.7


623.2


187.3







































































709.0


299.0


085.6





































































































































































































































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016



























Revenue
 net

















269.7


623.2


187.3





















































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net

















501.7


224.3


021.2





















































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net
























Coffee
Tea and Extract Solutions [Member] | Operating Segments [Member]

















































Revenue
 net
























Coffee
Tea and Extract Solutions [Member] | Coffee and Tea Services [Member] | Operating Segments [Member]

















































Revenue
 net
























Coffee
Tea and Extract Solutions [Member] | Concentrate and Other [Member] | Operating Segments [Member]

















































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net










































































Revenue
 net




























Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Segment Reporting - Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net by Geographic Area (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Property
 plant and equipment
 Total




















Property
 plant and equipment
 Total




















Property
 plant and equipment
 Total




















Property
 plant and equipment
 Total










Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Segment Reporting - Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net by Geographic Area (Parenthetical) (Detail)
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









Concentration risk
 geographic

 plant and      equipment






























Description of risks that arise due to concentrations of operating facilities
 revenues
 assets
 customers
 vendors or the like in a certain geographic area
 either domestic or foreign. The description may address risks inherent in the geographic area
 and
 at a minimum
 informs users of the general nature of the risk
 but excludes Information about Geographic Areas that may be disclosed elsewhere (for instance
 segment disclosures)..




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Accounts Receivable
 Net - Schedule of Accounts Receivable
 Net (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









































Amount
 after allowance
 receivable from customers
 clients
 or other third-parties
 and receivables classified as other due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.
























































The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016









































































































Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Carrying amount
 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of unprocessed items to be consumed in the manufacturing or production process.




























Amount
 after of valuation reserves and allowances
 of inventory
 classified as other
 expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net - Summary of Property
 Plant and Equipment (Detail) - USD ($)




Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]



























Plates
 Films and Molds [Member]






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]


































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Minimum [Member] | Plates
 Films and Molds [Member]






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]













Maximum [Member] | Plates
 Films and Molds [Member]






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

















Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net - Additional Information (Detail) - USD ($)



Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










200
000


800
000







000
000


800
000


600
000












Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










300
000


000
000



































































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016































































































































































































































































































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Amount before accumulated amortization of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016





















































The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






























































Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016





































Payroll
 sales and other taxes




























































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions








































































313.5


225.4















Total long-term debt
 principal amount





































Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 principal amount



152.0















Total debt
 principal amount

313.5


225.4















Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 Unamortized debt issuance costs






















135.4















Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs




















057.5


982.1





























































































287.0


199.0
















































































































542.6

























































563.1




































Total debt
 principal amount

563.1

















Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs






























































































Total debt
 principal amount






























































































Total debt
 principal amount


















Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs






























































































Total debt
 principal amount






























































































Total debt
 principal amount






























































































Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 principal amount


















Total debt
 principal amount


















Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 Unamortized debt issuance costs





































Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs

















































































































Total debt
 principal amount

















































































































Total debt
 principal amount


















Debt instrument
 unamortized premium






























































































Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 principal amount


















Total debt
 principal amount


















Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 Unamortized debt issuance costs





































Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs

















































































































Total debt
 principal amount


















Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs

















































































































Total debt
 principal amount


















Total debt
 Unamortized debt issuance costs











































































Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 principal amount


















Total debt to be required to be repaid or extinguished as part of divestiture
 Unamortized debt issuance costs
































































































































Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)





















































































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt premium.





















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value at the balance sheet date of a financial instrument used to receive debt funding on a regular basis with original maturities ranging from 5-10 years.






















































































Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.




























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Sep. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2014
Jun. 30
 2014
Aug. 31
 2013





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













































289.4





293.6
































































Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jan. 30
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Aug. 31
 2013
Mar. 31
 2008





















300
000




000
000







Commitment fee
 percentage


















000
000











Maximum borrowing capacity
 increase in lender's commitment under credit facility



700
000






























313
500
000




225
400
000











































500
000













900
000




200
000


000
000





































000
000















  2021























































400
000







300
000




000
000







































500
000















000
000















  2021















000
000





































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Mar. 22
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Aug. 31
 2013



















313
500
000




225
400
000

































000
000


000
000













  2025











700
000






















































900
000




200
000


000
000






















500
000




























































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions


















































313.5


225.4




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jan. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2014
Sep. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017































982.1


057.5







































































































































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Jan. 30
 2018
May 05
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 12
 2014
Aug. 31
 2013

























313.5


225.4






















































































































































































































































































































































































































Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















Apr. 05
 2017
Mar. 22
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 30
 2018
Dec. 31
 2014
Sep. 30
 2013





































057.5


982.1



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable
 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.




























The portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date
 including current maturities
 which accrues interest at a set
 unchanging rate.




























Amount of cash outflow for cost from early extinguishment and prepayment of debt. Includes
 but is not limited to
 third-party cost
 premium paid
 and other fee paid to lender directly for debt extinguishment or debt prepayment. Excludes accrued interest.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jan. 30
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017





































































500
000














500
000


























500
000














500
000
















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Jan. 02
 2016
Jan. 03
 2015
Dec. 31
 2016


Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]





















Expected contribution to pension plans
 next fiscal year





















Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses [Member]










Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]
































Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]











































Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]











































Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities





















Pension Plans
 Postretirement and Other Employee Benefits [Line Items]










Plan assets
 target allocation percentage in securities














Pension plans
 postretirement and other employee benefits.




























Amount of actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered
 excluding assumptions about future compensation level.

























































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.




























Percentage of target investment allocation to total plan assets. Includes
 but is not limited to
 percentage on weighted-average basis if more than one plan.






















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Retirement Plans - Summary of Change in Benefit Obligations
 Change in Plan Assets and Unfunded Status of DB Plans (Detail) - USD ($)





Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets of defined benefit plan from actual return (loss) determined by change in fair value of plan assets adjusted for contributions
 benefit payments
 and other expenses.




























Amount of gain (loss) from change in actuarial assumptions which (increases) decreases benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Assumptions include
 but are not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from substantive plan.

























































Amount of payment to participant of defined benefit plan which decreases benefit obligation. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.










































































































































































































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.

























































Amount of funded (unfunded) status of defined benefit plan
 measured as difference between fair value of plan assets and benefit obligation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 overfunded (underfunded) status.





















































































Amount of payment to participant under defined benefit plan which decreases plan assets. For pension plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 pension benefits and death benefits. For other postretirement plan
 payment includes
 but is not limited to
 prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.



















































































































Amount of (increase) decrease to benefit obligation of defined benefit plan from irrevocable action relieving primary responsibility for benefit obligation and eliminating risk for obligation and assets used to effect settlement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 lump-sum cash payment to participant in exchange for right to receive specified benefits
 purchase of nonparticipating annuity contract and change from remeasurement.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Retirement Plans - Schedule of Amounts Included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
 Net of Tax which have Not yet been Recognized in Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Detail) - USD ($)
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


















































































































































































































Amount
 after tax
 of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for defined benefit plan
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit cost (credit).































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


























































































































































Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate increase of compensation
 used to determine benefit obligation of defined benefit plan. Plan includes
 but is not limited to
 pay-related defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016























































































Defined benefit plan
 assumptions used calculating net periodic benefit cost
 inflation factor.




























Weighted average rate for present value of future retirement benefits cash flows
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























Weighted average rate of return on plan assets
 reflecting average rate of earnings expected on existing plan assets and expected contributions
 used to determine net periodic benefit cost of defined benefit plan.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016

































































































































































Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016













































































































































































































































































Fair value of assets that have been segregated and restricted to provide pension or postretirement benefits. Assets include
 but are not limited to
 stocks
 bonds
 other investments
 earnings from investments
 and contributions by the employer and employees.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
































































































































































































































































































































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).






















































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016













































142.0)










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.





























 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)



























Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss for prior service cost (credit) of defined benefit plan.




























Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for gain (loss) of defined benefit plan.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016
Jan. 03
 2015
























































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#163; in Millions
 $ in Millions






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































For contingent consideration arrangements recognized in connection with a business combination
 this element represents an estimate of the high-end of the potential range (undiscounted) of the consideration which may be paid.



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



























































800
000









200
000


100
000








































Cash flow hedges
 charge (credit) to cost of sales

300
000





































100
000


900
000







300
000

































































































































































































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after offset of derivative asset
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 elected not to be and before offset against a right to receive collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.

























































The difference between the book value and the sale price of options
 swaps
 futures
 forward contracts
 and other derivative instruments. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016























































Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 30
 2016


























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016




















































































Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016


Derivative Instruments
 Gain (Loss) [Line Items]










































142.0












































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016


















200
000


100
000


























200
000


100
000




































Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 after offset of derivative asset
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 elected not to be and before offset against a right to receive collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Dec. 12
 2014


Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Senior notes
 carrying value

057.5


982.1














Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Senior notes
 carrying value








Outstanding debt
 fair value

















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Senior notes
 carrying value

















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Senior notes
 carrying value

















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Senior notes
 carrying value

















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Senior notes
 carrying value








Level 1 [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Outstanding debt
 fair value

156.6


071.1





Level 1 [Member] | 10.000% Senior Notes Due in 2021 [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Outstanding debt
 fair value








Level 1 [Member] | 5.500% Senior Notes Due in 2024 [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Outstanding debt
 fair value








Level 1 [Member] | 5.500% Senior Notes Due in 2025 [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Outstanding debt
 fair value








Level 1 [Member] | 6.750% Senior Notes Due In 2020 [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Outstanding debt
 fair value








Level 1 [Member] | 5.375% Senior Notes Due In 2022 [Member] | Estimate of Fair Value
 Fair Value Disclosure [Member]








Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Outstanding debt
 fair value












Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.

























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 carrying value as of the balance sheet date of Notes with the highest claim on the assets of the issuer in case of bankruptcy or liquidation (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer). Senior note holders are paid off in full before any payments are made to junior note holders.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Aug. 31
 2013











Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]








Debt instrument
 unamortized premium

















Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



































Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]



























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt premium.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions




Dec. 30
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jul. 01
 2017
Apr. 01
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Oct. 01
 2016
Jul. 02
 2016
Apr. 02
 2016
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016



























Revenue
 net

















269.7


623.2


187.3





















142.0

























127.7

























042.7







Loss on disposal of property
 plant &amp; equipment
 net



































































































Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes







































































































































































































Revenue
 net

















269.7


623.2


187.3





















142.0

























127.7

























042.7







Loss on disposal of property
 plant and equipment
 net



































































































Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of income taxes

























































































































































Costs incurred to effect a business combination which have been expensed during the period. Such costs could include business integration costs
 systems integration and conversion costs
 and severance and other employee-related costs.

























































Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation.














































































































































Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)


















































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.





















































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands
Feb. 28
 2018
Feb. 12
 2018
Jan. 30
 2018
Feb. 20
 2018
Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016



























313
500


225
400













300


000





  2018















  2018













Dividend payable
 record date

  2018





















































300


000





































000




























































































900













































000















500















000















  2021







































Merger agreement Common stock
 price per share














Subsequent Event [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member]



































250















000
























Subsequent Event [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | GE Term Loan [Member]



































900









Subsequent Event [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | DSS Group Inc [Member]



































000









Subsequent Event [Member] | Discontinued Operations
 Disposed of by Sale [Member] | DSS Group Inc [Member] | ABL Facility [Member]



































500

































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Date the declared dividend will be paid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The per share amount of a dividend declared
 but not paid
 as of the financial reporting date.




























Date the dividend to be paid was declared
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date the holder must own the stock to be entitled to the dividend
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.

























































Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Jan. 02
 2016































































































































































































































































































Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Amount of increase in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to costs and expenses.




























Amount of increase in the allowances and reserves
 which consist of the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 from charges to accounts other than costs and expenses.




























Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016






















































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( %V&7$P?(\\#P    !





Q3XDV-0]=

QS!:_S01P)9%MPQ-IHUC 

SWG^&9H(9!&K(


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M



(Y+5IJ/B[
M936_KT

A/1INSHF?UDZE?W*/0H&J

MAF 1SQ6[R\E[8%)YX?S5#+X=UV%L5L1J=E F!-6/&]NQNC:1]#K^#$'#4=
0

?TFS@083\$# (P&33PG)0$A& OJ<
'7\4V/F(Y-B[R


MS#@;^1&6K@KRSJ0H2#[9U8]*H


'*(E@+\$  #^%P  &    'AL


M%EALT?99L9G86


M+S?K_MF7:K




*MNJ(A[9LL@6D0G+HT5D810@HRP1


M4+P%S
E*$]Q1
UOZD F






&G]'(S8KL]0 /=$\


M9D:A4Q$G=.2



-



A_

LL]+7C6YJ*R:'Y;V YEOJ3;0B-\YOS6C;ZN5\BS$2]OXME_:

WHOB3[^5I


J&/$.$5 S/$-01!$G0E!$2HH@FP3





MXD56 




O9WC&57#A_



FA(!U5S[S_ F
]


%Z$L%J
MF8'E!_

M6DTVND_66X2([O/P-]$B)Y=(@:BM ]4.AGO&F5^QLP[S8!'WUSA?^@9\/P


M:&5E='


MRZZM[ Z-/_:']KCJ_


8 ZZD,0X(9Y:9&UF$
2#%)[T=0-\KD235KF+7#@

S#UR:TYP%E4I-Q(U
5N!H=12MP+E9E&5*Z2K)BB*-/029K\ !ZRA@
M@;
S5T[S

213!(\A\! Y(4)20P.&7 S)<S[+EK=%%A) H$Q(Y(8&6


M22WUQE7:QBIKE)&-'-F@*+-1J%8#C?G
$W2J



M74?%WR


=(8?V9/M+S2%*[G





I


MLRY1$N-LRY64Y/KWE62=*^_.YBX/B:T


M+.]NQFL?F[N;^J7;;0_5QV;1ONSW9?/ONMK5;[=+L_Q^X=/VZ;D;+JSN;H[E
M4_5GU7T^?FSZ;ZMS+P_;?75HM_5AT52/M\L/YGH3TJ'!B/AK6[VUL\^+82A?




P&2;BX%C=V(&[


0RPA)%B3*] ?(-@B_Q4 R2B4MX
 %02!/'Z$J4


\@:CE!5I%+DU
M@+306R
G
')]*:4GTL-9RP[BBIA*-X?C 6$ R=LP;)TXID#F,GE-%LQKBMK
M%=)8Z(T#I

](1
*$0.%C5G#'S#2GF0
M/6G9*/8-*WTCX]I@I=2G(L@ Z(K$N@ HHZ49%IN&!:9!/$^P4NNM
#H ZG6%
M9T8(Y;0TP6+?L













-&^:I[&@UKMXKY^.73#@9S9







M;HK]X) _WPT_Z9N5-_6 !O'W)O\X7GP?U*%\+8IO]8_?GNZ&JO8HW^:/96UB
M77U\SV?Y=EM;JOSXMS4Z/


/[J


=
3A@*


ME$G3





])G[O )09LSO^ : 4!ZT 2

MDC(\


1]F2%#*0_KNJ'07TSM
9$GF$6_%$LX)U 7&<CI8
M &M.\

M:G1Y!X4^X_Q$?8H!DOE)&TKBZX/SO4I$CF ^.-J A(E@0A+'0()P[J4Q20

MH3.8*PWB2D[=!JA]HSEW+SMAH4.84 VJGB18@ +)IPO5EVHT!W,E::/EC=
MRUN6!!XZ0*$SF$Q-#Y%N))=62I6K=&2)J_0N2Z''F&U-'YENI+@6[: 9L14




M0

M ;BD=5++4\+S^T
7*G0'


M
ZEI4]E4!+!
G

M
?&=;YCAX)0V<+7&#UL+^/('L: 9?7


HBP







M 0  T@

4C]53G=!$@H?6 0N%WA
M'I0*1CCU\Q)EY0!N#Z_L'^*M6,M%^'@WJB?LO)M3@^45%+0?D'
WZ&N9YW
ME

0\

MF&2)8


MP39QFAPIS=#%25YYEX&]X_%-_H9/T_Y-V$9VCER

ML
504/MP?(]G.XW99'C3SS^(+=^X^ -02P

MT@

M])U
GF+O9*OA9(CME1+FSQ$D#AG=T!?'0ULW+CA8GG:BAA_@?G8GXRTVLY2M
M FU;U
=Q;W7<A_%FOY]@ZP ^ ?@
N(EYV)@H
M*O\LG
A3@P

M+AP_^;







K8AW*-ZA]U)PGF3L$HCFF.

2MF.M_DK!53Q78)DZ3(Z49





E]80!W5.
M'[:G\S[&IX#O$@:_.)-8R=7:EVA\JG*ZB8) 01DB@\#M!H^@51&3\F3CJG
MC

X.


7\1LYPB&['
*OI;B
MS/^!\W7X;E7A+L%W?R@\K!/L5PGVB6#_WQ+78HY_)6&+GFIP39HF3TK;FS3)


I




7R#.:P(YM77$'POQ(G_0^?[

T65+AV
=)WGC7@7W@
M\4W^P.=I_RI


_2N('U#N2-I5IR12K]7429MTZK3U
M


M*6&TJS


PY/


$

*OI;BR/^!\W7X;E7A+L)W
M?RB\62=(5@F22)#\M\2UF/U?2=BBIQI
':?)D@+[-D[RPCL/[!V/;_([?)SV
M;\+4LK7DC
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S
M:&5E=#$W+GAM;'U3VV[<(!#]%<0'!]VTNW*MI1-5;52*ZU2-7EF[;&-PL4!

S&\7N 



$OSPF\)_$&2;
M!%DBR/Y;XE;
X8\D;-53#;9-T^1(A8-)D[SR+@-[Q].;O(1/T_Y9V%8:1R[H

50T/AX?!/.=AJSR?#8SS^(+=^X_ 502P
$%




7



5:3?,T^DXV3TWO9:OA9(GKE1+V[Q&D&3*ZI1^.I[9N?'P/.U$

M$$@H?% 0N%W@'J0

M7OHG





<

M=Y%LTU


M_2N('U#N2&ZK3DFD7J=IE5;IU&G;9RYQ$E0(*9!+^^]G2)IE6[0O@(W?\[
Q
MV6CLLVL!/'G5JG

MTT)VM

F-



^ 7F

5_A2LH# ]*
$=IE(LK*0?GC9Y94(H6K]
NN[B/T\TAF6'; #X#^ *X
W^1W^#3MC\(VLG/D8CR^;.Q_;8P'E+*[P1%J
M\8,MAH+:A^-'/-MIS;#FW[^06SYQL4O4$L#!!0    ( %V&7$Q7+X&CM0$


FAPYO:6T\FK9AKK<@J@C2BO'=[I9I(3M:
M9-%WMD5F!J]D!V=+W*UL#]/H
R8TX2^.UYDT_K@8$76BP:^@/_:GRU:;&&I
MI(;.2=


&9VQ%O$/Q#KW7@A\.&;L&HCGF-
7P54RR

#Q37Z'3]/^6=A&=HY<C





$9VQ%O$/Q#KV7G%_O4W8)1%/

&0



!Y227.$(-?C!9D-!

_2N('U NY-95
MIR12KU/52:MTZK3M





TRL65E(/S1L\L*$6+EVF77=S'Z29-9M@V@
\ O@!N8AXV)8K*/PDO




MIX


GQ
GG5
&
MX/+\SOXIUHZU7(2#!Z-^R-(W&;VCI(1*]
H_F^$S3/7L*9F*?X0K* P/2C!'


0


D+

M1L.;;OI!;/[&^2]02P




^






^V 7#D14EM
]HXUQT8LT4#
M2M@K[$#[FPJ-$LZ;IF:V
X RD#D9?Q:^*D<\H 7)[?V3_'

A3@P
Q8^\[$9YX
N\EYS=)RBZ!:(HYCC%\$;.9(YAGGU/PM11'_@^<K\.W
MJPJW$;[]0^%_\N]67:18/=AB6LQ?ZMDBYXJ



M='

M6YU)J.1LS$LPOE8YW05!(*'T@4'@=H$'D#(0H8S7F9
N*0-P??Y@_QQKQUK.
0&!Z48([22!=74@[.&S6S



M 8[;?U_ KN=MUKX =]Q[]^XXT@'-BVT ''G5JK49;9SKCHS9H@$M[ UVT/J;

)








M970S

M9-WXX&!YVHD:?H+_U9TL6FQ6*:6&UDG3$@M51N\VA^
E IF


F&*
PRL65%+WS1D\JF(H6K^
N


-MH[3Y$AA^C9.\L([#^P=CV_R'SY.^P]A:]DZ



M

+VH70GQCS50=:^#O;@\&;QCHM IJN



MV=3_QMH *&5WAR/4X0=;# 5-B



S+GAM
M;'57[8Z;





MW=Q'?2FO0KSUBZ_[=9SV)^(UW^D^16DN%_[(Z[K/9


77AMX?Q+#L1.U
MLK_1[JRT:





MBBUYX83#
WCS(9GM^%L@1/,8(*933#[K\2%4R++#')')+

L
M(
G3TI0P(P18I)EI!D1(PAP1A G]J#DERD!S2!!FADD*2%* !*ZV$2:@


QF R=* HAEV .:W=Y9Z



?7$-


-[L^41;)_)P&?78S#QD Q

:
7R!268$


?




]/QMOL46EDAHZ
M*[$C!NJ<WN^.IWW 1\3A-&NSB14<D%\#L;G*J=)2 @4EXH+]=X0&4D(^
MC9^S)EU!N+Z_*K^
=;N:[D(P^H?LC*M3D]4%)!+0;E'G'\!',]MY3,Q7^!
M*R@/#YGX&4J&U=2#M:AGE5\*EJ\3+OLXCY.-[=W


;D$P

MBZ&@=N'XWI_--&:3X;??Q!;OG'Q&U!+ P04     !=AEQ
J5FB8B\  +



E6JU9JI6BKML\.F02T!K.V$[9_7]L0-B6#E)?8





MA& ZR!+#S'1&2HR0PCF Q$,L\!%YJC('%8#D00#(MPD04JLD (1B[5$B58
M/E!O!

5TA )O1XKU





MZ%9G$BJY&/
2C

M6
M
M%^'@R:B?LO)M3@^45%+0?EG,WZN9Y[2N;BO\ 5%
)#)ABC-
K%E92#\T;/




M6[YQ\0=02P

67R;JU 0  T@


H^^HRES/3C!%1P-LH.4S/P[@-!C

2HM;%Q1-5BGY:SB
M4Y'L;=JYBOLXW607VC:!S@2Z$&XC@4R!8N8/S+$R-WI$9NI]S\(3[_;4]Z8*


M_P-02P




O







7Z&N9[8]^;BO\(-F(';3(Q&


)UPD
M0462CP1IL!'!


X8X3# 0  -P0

ZZ
MS-5@.9-PUL@





88YQ(OLHD5V$8&GNR(1



BYX;6QU5&%O
MFS 0_2L6/Z F)B0T(DA-IVF3-BGJM.ZS0RZ :F-F.Z'[][


M61QOJ.1-&Q5Y\!UUD:NK%4T+1TW
54JN_QQ J'X?K:(WQU-3U=8[:)%WO((?


^)+R:JR2(XM+1?+786W:L/;#2;H:



ME'7=%GKBHI0%ETI\YYZN=D-O



M





JR\A^%:((_^/SK?IR6:&2:0G:WIZO2V0;@JD
M42#]I\3D0XE;F/1#$+;JJ0+3Q&FRI



8J[M&T+7.]


M0\






+[6!4U
M0BA\D&!XW:%!Y R&$:OV=-NH0,Q/7Y5?USK!UKN7 '#T;^$K7OGJ@I(:&

L$8E9$NKJ0:G#=J5L%4%'^9=J'C/DXW63K3
MM@GI3$@7PB'&85.@F/DG[GF96S

%9VQ%O
/D'7JOY?[N


%(W=G4/AB.(NRYY(V+7JLL


TT-

MZBO3'1\

M]0=02P



FG@.&8C+\Z?Z8ZS=UW)A%NZU
M^

MV[AS%?=AO-EM)]HZ@4X$.A
.
0X9 \7
'YAC16;T@




O




+N;(&33. &Z#4_6H$J-
M
HS+QKM.Q2


RIF3]5Y1_ %!+ P04     !=AEQ,L=8&4AH  #?!@  &0


M5;52*T57M?U-G$UL'1@72'Q]^P)VW-2WD?HGP'IV9H#LDG5*OYH*P$9O4C0F


1
M!

27&2!BBP0 CH1P3 /[F2)BBP1@ME$!
.DN
@*%5DA!-.+QS /+GZ-BJP1





M' FVTRJR+5WN=&JE5HJN:OM
[+6-#HP+.+[^?0$[KIOR$MCUS.PLL
DGI=]




?F+_B_9&ZLZE\
AQ%^.;

^
0JAAH!]_!


MU?09EGIRC);BO\(5N(/[3%R

M7FC!G&9
NL'L5@1QZFN(-!;BE+ZCIW'Z/IKA/M#W6_K](2Z0106R()#]5^+A
MIL08YD
\2!X-DK\7R)*;(#'



MCY*_-(6I4WR/40$EZ[EYEL
33/WL

0NZ8_
M?[/%:YN]9E%$$W)U0A/F-&+H K.=$<2JSQ8T9'&B_]!IF+X+5KCS]-V2?OB/
M?Q04B+Q ]*G%W:K%$8*F^R#)ON P'YE$L+$89

MGXHYX% :MSW8O1H'9@R
[*:W@
P/4O874$L#!!0    ( %V&7$Q-\MF%M@$


MX




M


M.$T5V9::3E

Z_P'NY9QS/[BD@[$OK@'P
MY$VKUF6T\;X[



M-%XG33J'#

[8BGB'R3OT7O-DSU-V#4(3YC1B^ *SG1$
O(Q7A\V=C_RA@/F

M&PHJ'XX'/-MQS$;#FV[Z06S^QOD[4$L#!!0    ( %V&7$SN?-1(R0$  !D$

 S]%4$?4#F*




#]$LGP-RK]02P
$%





OT9#F;K\;GI]MGM^OST^JM







A^M=Y3V.FN9DYTTK1KA[=,MP6S_V%#IGGZ\USJ['3RLY74

PP
M:HM9;3&AAV*$Q%HHK(46@0S[G*':?/)H1-NFDJK^1?$'$ RK0#RT J)/(*

MN8U
4K@/A_MP41\N



M4B0#.3*DVIS%&2K2ZADV@OQE27R&XN3EX@Q\2I!\7)0#^AH?.Z!?
Z$
MYPM

M!71W!.0;3Q0B'*RBX_A#.9Y'KDY!W22ABF



M2!*D(Q'I$ 6P)!A%#CF$HDZAXGTIE:G0; 0BJE%)T(Z

M?=4(@I((,+-5PBRH5+](%\;@FID7%:IS!$R*J1=L#
($)8@A!FX48&!!%)

BLN6*&X[C'^H*30L%Q#66GA(G*MX^YT06P H(74*
MH





5D(BS'1'I;D!N=D2DNSCMQO=%P5X#8P9&
MZ0#L+8'M'4Z;!S*_&&4(A!58CB#ARB@S!*$4A0'1%TX$D1U&*0(\VST
M\K4A.



M9N#Y#3N9[E[1^R5^]TYQ

\%?RMGC





MON^


\2.8Y
M;^F6E;^+/3^MW
QU]O207TK^Q&Y?J$XH=AV=_3=ZI:6 2R8BQHZ5;???V5U:


BL
$1MC\
45


M% LN( 13$*M8
!1.PJ<1QH0%,:;.-L#E 3YP50&\\F'.9060RK?/) 05PU3A
M U[X


MU;1]SYMC4;?.



*#6!4C9KAIGQLY
=JM2L[6[


MK;'6+@;&B(V+X!;D#H'P









)2L
)

?R(%P3:!]0-VBVI X\[
HLKPDL4'
M.8Z+8+! &*RH^E!O)

M





M.F.E5=']W+Y%-QL42$%#_

M:)[+2


%@1($4P6A$H13!9$21%


_ISQ=SIVL:IVLIU2.:?1C5)X+*T

W
5RA



9
K+9(?SQ7K524/3^L@M0T+H+8*
+
M+QK98)&YPP:QT=?$S$4S/TPH=+!N&8)&3GUH9+- 4W8+!0UW4R
Y3 C:+T#




MKB)HQ.\26CY:6RJ4 Z7/:O/MN+9=Y1$0R(62P/)UA2T0HI2D'W][47LX4Q''
MZYOZ%QV\#.: .6PI^5


1$D\25F'68P#9?.I/ZV<U R3YD!Y#I+=_1[)WV)T?G$

MZ:46ZH*.K
E$J0#II.O(





X:MA$

M/+&\). I:98%EFJ-J-(TX+B7%/62@DZ0Y(X$&9H@ \500JUJ

M@0?E042F'[L;(R&9BP\4AQ6]@U;T/EPAL@]X17%@4818H=!&$4)@7X069Q/
M6##W@T.+IM/S1RCF761:-I%C!]$IGNVRP_.0 HAR)GM!^*M[[*@9R.RG#C?

M

M%1XOE#R:;7YX_:]A]1]02P

8BR<UYHT?..60K1K
M /BQQ#7B'FUQ(]^<*:N1D%-V ;QE&)TTJ28@\/T$U*AJW+7:WM6Y/0J2-7@


DPPP013S':.,1[.2)\@P 9<DP:6)
&FA].4H1V@= J$&J!:(0
M&:7VF$1CFCYD''E&0[8V5.@E]C1-4QD1,;86R8!9/8:A);!%+#))[5\LGW
MC3;'I0N@291$FN4Q!(E
Z(D'[2US_(1:A(FM89)+6%6QG;M
=!_\ FS.Z2
M65VRN8NQW7;9K*^!M^QLGJL9AZ)[QLFJWG#EKZ=*M=V2/@6&VC^OWM0_. 3
MP605PP6KA?


RD'B
M

8@_!EZJPU'J@72]
U
MD\=57

.ZK(#]T0MUU8/FM4QW]1\]FKTO,XSM$S/FLAB'@8,G&!PX6 V(0R^
MQCSZF#QS,$\^!L!\Q*0JES$A&$P(&@(\(4 (APE0D  9 C0A( L4)L!! NPY
MR#/BI#E@<H-I#08BF(P# G*D(!
[L@


MA: GA&$V5]0@O




M$] !3&TGG/[[VL9!S*PUP
E#N&3-S/+






!_W5_YY_YNM&WCIIQG@MUE7W

-Y!] WEL(
79!JIOH*YMH/L&^MH&

M;OV[OS4K5C7??LZL$-/HL^VHU]P=-/)$(Z1U-?=
D[B:!]3H1+F:.=-H5_.(
M&AM[FB?F9W+41
&R+$RH58F8&7BA=_=! :Q


&=^0(2.I


MML8:MJ$3S

UPA



$0ATHJPT/97!'*!D
Y/ R/9

* 7_C&Y+AXQ R#(]D


ZV/7_4A =_Z]A
M]C]02P,$%     @ 789<3.GQ\$$P P  ;PT  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S







!UCOD 82\_F







S%A!5!


M+

HS1EN'==]/@]1G
R 5SNWG,8^IEW5T(&L^XPP0@#QIB-#1.,,5L;)AQC=G,,
M)(Q9F_#P![CR7S[I -KTH$6 <<1K:!4*K0*@%HF$F4Y?K#@-\#:HU*(HF







Z\[;J]]UQLU_E;E


M]X_JO[?F:S



MGF5]]WVKI5[[[TTAJ]G=-**CH97H:_:N1LNPKWE$FF5?\^1J?O;DUT[N=@2T



M--%+EW$I5'X-$Y$48' *;R#*[)&(FAFX=!$W8)@'FA\B/G%#G81
M9W*MJ!=%I)HSQ)A; A@0]SI N:!)D0OPCP0^NGNS*XK8J
(86@(0$-












ME2FKGQ!'54')Y%#]L48D_XE@&XG-;&10[9UZ)]PR$;U6:1H6_E42S9A:8\(5

%VG=Z8?DMPS/[

WRG<:W;B_(WKN!N8<!<]1W6&$R$<A




MGPT8$JT3I[8AV[^O[81LL+W+ [$G9\XY
QA/.1#ZRFJ$N//6XHZMW9KS?@4

0A]/P4M;#JW*E5L3ZN27#EN.K2G

M]SE8[0J)5X#?#1K88NW(2@Z$O



MP4T239C-B D7F&!& 

MG2V$L2*('YH5*$U:L2DM
IS%/@95JQ)BCP-**=C2CT/B@XL?I-3+^9KUD9
M

H;3(MOQ& 9Y\ [S3B5?D!Z:3KF



M\@L2+0=\
B1*4.C[*:*X;MPB
[$#+S)VE:1NX



M^B2KW%V[S@G.^$KD
^N^P9!/XCI#\C_@!D3!M1.U1\F(


MWVZ+]2$*-K&J?JF#IMCFF2J/4-%;D:[B#-VTT(#9]IAP@@E&!%+JXQ;ATA;;

MTIF18!U91M)Y%1
OL9STH
-7^0F]\2+
MG%TDJ1MXXIZX4(KYORT0UFW\R+\EGNMS)74%7F+S_ +Y$O[Q%6$!I5C3:$1

MLO&WU_2'(S5QO+^I?S6UJUH.6
.D3_U458;?^5[1SCAY'/K/L&?3T+W^N+



MV


M_@-02P

O







$^C[H*##W








F)

M)Z-C^_7DJ^
_&L]46Z;;@@\W?4_WK6@/9=-9+US(YD*W 'O.!9
LY5G-MHZR



F;$Y'I87





M07;WWLA)^YP@D%CUR%$]( //0FTPB@71I&@W9@W[?@CJTZ@J:1(B^VWSD
M@EDR



M+2)$24*Q]1NGSF]&V1#$ODM

M_0=02P



C!5K 2-'VFI;6EA!2


=%=G^L%RO^GU/U7I5

:R;!(@J**. @=40&&Q;W1H=Q1=N4
MU/YA*0VE-)7BL2,UV*@+)280@8*&2#$'%#A#P291(@(1SDCTD1$(D@5A2





M





F
R+&9$A0AB2).*4])3=.S$-KB4S=
MJR%DPTPHQRO
I )

MGPN

3.CY!A








;%.O_ 5!+




M.5#68B&G[.CSGA&\UT9MXX=!D/HMKCMWM=!KSVRUH&?1U!UY9@X_MRUF?TO2

8.2S=-7JJ4*@




1- %PC2CEHLEF4P#.W
MYC\TU6/-#6P*PJ8V;!H8L*D5Y%
Z*\E  HC0; -N4#(0)0-0D($R:)*;*$;9
M


MB&24-72=DVS IDE##D(-


M3



G^I=MM#]J68E2_[


M-?N8[79-3[4?__2=SH\VFX:GG]][W[2#KP?S+2VSC_GN[^U]]70U]_/9??:0

MW9?M[=O=25OF^[Z5V99_^Z/YN

;Z+Z!GNJ2Z1N8GQ;T: /;-[!3&[B^

MD+@##3O0;0=ZT$$TVE6'
2WFT
UJTOU@2P9:
L2CBP9:@F;L-$!29
9
)2



]$T3-Z)!N)L!

MB/7U


[*PT_.3P%(KIFAM#QHL@QP;
19& 931:Z8++%$B3!^Q


M!



HE#8_9HQ![#=('9H\]@C\;L
MT90]Y


 )M
M
6
L98Q/&
FSF#'V#

MN67/V.\Z3!N'$@UY296@G9=A(]9A?CE0\


SE

))D\[YNWI&9G+




M/WZ[M#RYF[;/BL?VLF
5UGM9[*H/7S*TOOCEUWV4#4?F[Q7=+<CNR]5
M_GS5W?Q<'J^?7O\'4$L#!!0    ( %V&7$Q2CQMX0(  (




_B7AIGYB







M+GAM;'U4VXZ;



MU4D@I2


5
\8D?\.0


]


=YF&SP!SO
M


M4$L#!!0    ( %V&7$PAP3WB1@(  

M:&5E=#@P+GAM;)55[8Z;



D;1\!IXV[)\XY$)L B


DPZCU\#J3MJFL#I^L;^






MA!)$R^N
48)X09WQ0YWA*L!%$E0D043B.Q$





7#Q*FL Y;VUK)
;OU:J7Q
BJQI:

'41;\JEC3P4%X\MJV


8]]&3Q

M%F?.%6B+P8/^^K6^;^8%@[
RTUS/Q=AUQX7B_72AD/E6*_\!4$L#!!0    (










+WSI%C7@:&/S!L3&SQ,R=-L
M;FEP*HT7CLREA$PP\?$A
Q0-8$$H^1#48TDW0Q




O80')#DE&DI][Q.*U0G% H17*06:R



KMONJ^Z



U6Z2%@1/QU-)=V]MT;


.ES[.JR
M'?_U=B]M5U=VE9Y*5?R8/H^G\?-BUW\+PP'2!LAK@$@_#% V0+T'Q!\&Q#8@
M)@'A5


M%XC'!=1\@4SB!1*X0
(8Z#@AG9XPR8@Y355&J2+=XBA,TWZ!49=O!-(=\4
M=(SR35D6J0CFGF
TQ6PY1LD(D\T@V8PW-R-;:).Q)&E


.SI5T#25:^(L'Q$@ S= 1:T30=-0N'3@F0
M**5)7@B$=,' %&T-PCDI QU[TY(\,9K2EGR5TCG.:7,45P8M@U4(8E::R3


F%AE\@!
MIXXEL++*G_# $FNF_(P+EMR\ZHBJ  +)C#XB#DI3QQ276'E9WRPY 96,



M.4ACK97(/5
?*9$SCBEG !*

0#%#L8*Z[0.LULI.(6.XGH $@]EYM$4@Z


MRC3/X[%UZ^WJEU

MNZZNQN/9I[KN3

/K_^1L/X/

M:&5E=#@T+GAM;'64VX[3

F*_ 1HQH:.C+S+*?/L/238K0T_Q5NP*S<.;$U*LFT_T75J(WD\5:X?1U

M_E9J5

M+A@TQDT/=J[FZSHOC!R6ETC6OX/R+U!+ P04     !=AEQ,'R9R%:@   @


MO31/0L_SLJNJ%@MUY[@NT7_B?\L
&9(5C$SX)=Y
W8


M%V?_2H



MTMM 4Y3G%8*0.5
D!ID/A5B\E[2D&4PC(Y*)-_7 .K?+1S48RF=FX&RLP



W+$X_KL^U Y%^QP5D




LJ
X5+^\
M97D:E]5A_FX5QUS$VR8H32QNVYZ5QON#.9\UYY[S^2S[*)/]03SG1O&1IG'^


MXU^9U#RW60=VOW]E?VPZ7W7F)2[$79;\L]^6NQLS

M-&3O(_$ID@JOE51MO&9)T?PW7C^*

D\W^%X0 N _@Y
MH&K[4H C YSO@.G%@*D

M\OILL_:;'ZO56E1G/^=!&
ZLSSJ39!8MPSO
U&-]9JTRWX1523CKX%#'@BOQ


=

M'%#(S#78@)OC*&KGXR0L-1@U]%'=7DMJR-(QIGBZ)IO&U)FF=F9J\:S8NF0&


5J
LK+,TN8I]UN6E:)2
M7ETP36,GXNWY(!%O9?W5K[[G[=N;]J#,CO+-E'5^/3;_'U!+ P04     !=
MAEQ







M#BO7TQD!A5QJ:*&VR 4JVD\OC;B[K#GIHXGE_5OYCB53%[(F##Z)_R((N5

MF['M]:\T.\'O?Y P/&GA* G!!^$\%-V!/0%UI1AOMD22+.6L=7CW]S9$



M)C*8VF B=8

&GIO]A]02P,$%     @ 789<3)NBX'/7 0  :@0  !D   !X;]W;W)K



[Q0[0[I [O




M)(UM(/_



MYU7Y-JL.BVV?=VM:G+56+7EWM9_[_3_;V5JW5U\O8V'.%Z\=TX!9'C!RA-&!

+0Q*XQ1P)GO%$UD
M8VXH3&QC;@E

M?DD9H%%.


&/!P)Q-W+C22X[-*ZO%@TH:$^
M#R[O%%3 E8;#P_'O^ X2%


M.)CZ)(


M#0



M8:$*?*(
1:C$ME+
N
.(F7(1

MJQG]T0[ZH[$41)^O\-5@


.YPHB)
MIL2$6WV
F.@3Q$0S8J)=Q$03.QJ?F-'4TP






MRH674J2?]3
KY?.L_\RLP J 6P$?.RO!+X2^%=!\*4@4()@J!4@GH D!
M&BJ(E :*HB5(!XJ2)0@&2K@D50[YUTEZ&M)L]E@\B7[090D[AUL&12GU*6

O?^1II;SW-$U@.'9/PDDQLYJ!+29 H
N\
M]IDKX?(2FCJ@L8X9[.EA=X3'/A&&6A5/?2;H$M\




MGO0]O_HVC1QOF7B-^'M5W__J!B
'=;=UFPOV]#]02P

M$'P5Q -@



BK



M:$X0+UP

ML]3;1.WY
(F&0+)N'+)HFO3E7U!+ P04     !=AEQ,0-BS\$@#  A#0


BYX;6R5E^URHC 4AF^%X0(@'Q#


ICEL7%OQE-V7EB0_O2\)+L]EPVN-/Q(=[1GY3_

MU[/RO\C
 J0$ZH0?7\DP$J ;P+O0X&G!-Y0@:\$_E !40(R5! H03!4$I!












]%#L#,(AQI$G4$TU#N#.*A!J8S
$
-1/#YY((OD_![D^/#%H/O\OFX
MA71
_$-@M9%ZFU3)?%;D^TEQ2+9=TN2TN*BM:N?-:!O[[8]UM);UZ

M'XVG#G-]P
PIC3C$/!8.'&K/4K





M!06#T(M=_@@8OX%(1GHDEAX#7 PS

D4%8I1$T7T
M$L!LSHK);#6BFU!

Z 2 25H8T D 4;NC(NP
Z'0R3/8#
M4=X#4]X#D[ PHKP')F%A0'D/N!RO8TJYK&41E*UI'P)3JDTHQ:*.PU4]AK
M)JOUB


UN\








!B;NW'V#BN2F;^L=PK\\YG&
#Q23D


M/3']**;/X/-D
M&/GP7^$
S

MQ]S/F'B%B5\C=F\1R5\(



M$G#[@CW#F3/GV##90-D;KP&$\]Z2CN=N+42_0XB?:V@Q]V@/G7Q34=9B(4-V
M0;QG@$M=U!(4^GZ6MQT;I'IW)$5&;T*TG1P9 Z_MBUFO_= Z)[@7M/O#:7
!' P.?[1WEY$3I
MFPH^E[GK*T% XP4 Y;+#0Y B*2


MFTZOP\A_+[


$R]=:$&S/T!-I*^879J..R<JY

F5%@ D'[<<JA:=06?P!02P










M3^-&%(7_2I0?X


M-FTV?5==(/^.O2Z/)^T;GG[^Z/W7(?LNF_NR2;?5YI_U8_MRN0S+Q6-Z*E\W

M]WWL_Z
9;J#&!NK80+H?-M!C _V]@1F2/T0VI/I+V997%W7UOJ@/P[4O^UDA



QH%@PB081W*VP133078D

1]'T?F$+*(X
M^9E.SK&)/6O1,;@0F;,AU'DYT0F\R.#E+F6EQVK@N
$3F#(Q*#1.:09!2=

MDZ@*;APQ:21 C==

9


H3 29OU#$C0\&CLH!CJ+T$*3*^XGH
M/!A
&(4(PXTT)HR:01B%:-R*



54G-K8X:$T8CPC 5
MH\:$T3


J4M=P860P7FP





?L:2YK$9?
Y[
M32!BLPW8

R
;+$9


-8O[JFVK;=]X\515




/9W)
MGK%7/?EV7/F!-@04#E(K$/6XP@8HU4+*QM]!TQ^7U
3I^%W]B\E=Y;(G C:



 %^BJE0;0VH+*6A$(4_KA&Z
OQ.4KFOFRH&2R%K:F%K:6R,<L=PWR=)_
MCM
[]E.G_=1E/W8K9$Z%[/
[FSL%\L_L;+Y
%^/(54$'


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P,YX;6R5F-N.
:7N:Z]Y*LNL_O-6%?JR\9G_
M\N)+_G@R[8MPNSYGC^JK


:&TFZD80;%LW<2-1/G$ P
F'\/X$Y'C?Q.C

S!T/$SDHZGQ5%8UX-/5#HX9AUE!Y@SG^-P-)E+BS!D:

MTK5&0(
&%H$&

;F@NPB MP2\5SNN(Y6?&N&'3%\ULJ
MGM
5SQ=5/
?E##':D+ZFFOIQ?%5158]6@!


M971S+W-H965T
3 Q+GAM;'U4VVZC


M=E7+!0LX
:^9[_E1@JY:R8(.(RB8@R8$


M

M9WS&5'#E_
8
OYZWKFX2 P4D9!ZJ;
M.^R!

?7
^\\P



M!GZ0+^H81.E



3 S+GAM;'V5VXZ;
M
?#!@!V;% 'F4<&U(LO9T([R,607@ ;*((G9=1A
M$/I^CK8]FY5JKD]K4IRY;CMT9XZ[-IUD/[=(4S&K1NX]XF7]M)P.0&J<H 7

CERZ@:&ZH1AA+3X+CS^S47=:4ANO^W?L7%;P(Y@ 9J@G^W9YXLW5S
MUSFA

M'6?_=S.[03@;A(M!$/_7()H-(LT 3&0JU&?(8552


$(K1BALH_6*R2I
MW4%D=1 I!_&G.$)?BV
2I4K43Z(B\_18+*H\\0H[36REB6TT@48SB;+5.G'F
MI1J
*8IR+[:S)%:6Q

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$P-YX;6R5FVU/(S<0Q[]*E ^P63_;).


MCPVD.-M #0U4:@


M@]!-+R1/A8X2BZ;[XQ@2C7$C:7-IQT
M#C'F2TRKV0[82V
MG9!40F61S4L@)J7)--;'0'T,TD=%^O1;C10GD52RU[*G$KE#NMBH2X6S2YC
MC8
].&1--&TWCNAI9#RU5$8(([$J'JKBD2J11]YX.K%HH8'8F84.4)^ ](GQ
M$HC9
1T4478S&)%1(Y!ER-5?$RZGZ3B

@E+BHI35D7E1BE$J%4Q]N

4B Q1R7D:+S52
I18;3
2*I.Y;P1
MW&XC
4HE0JEATF*)$2C-A

R
M4HFQ))
204FQA

PF22

M



G<,]C[ODD[GF:&!D5
MR!T^$--.QV*?!S$A3N6X;<QC0OHIA/28D!X2DKQDH:<Y:#NX(46VNRFV,P]P
M($M)A-+C8*#O;Y!04I'#8[)Z2E80L92:1@92! 1BVK+7M 'C-2\&B96 T9B


O


[LSG=W9W=]4HS(%







5

(&C%7 &!LP40$3


 5H7
!
49_+1%



M!Z =%FPX1&


.MBN*L*L(@'J[WX/]

3 V
M+GAM;'64VXZ;
!&7P7Q #$XX10!4K-5U4JM%&W5[;4#0T!K,+6=L'W[VH8@
MLX-/O#/_\WXE Z

M=W'Q.OS;66



<C8X?%S[GN@M]H]8K4VA)\U2F'\J


0&(-N

MT
;P5XQP4PD.O-V3K8VLG

3 W+GAM;)57[6Z;

M%-M@(%42:4G7;M(F59NV_783)T$%S




M[*U[9F7[/!O^=S/8@!@#TALHWU


)9PGH



MNFJ7 ['3VQR!6P0!6@1*QCA&#@&WG ((K#MRQ3E@1:#=/293O8K &B7NUNWJ





MV?

YS$F'-LQQ
HP[C*;F=

ML @
+!H%AGR
808

.!K#$KC /:B X)*A#^BP/&-

3 Y+GAM;)56
MVXZ;





M0M!SQ#[(Q47?3TI\XG(8BS'M;KMNPDFC;W*W_SN1_0502P


3$P+GAM;)56
M[6Z;

1Y5$6O/13-JDJM.VWV[B)*B F7&2[NUG@YL%^Z:E?P)V
MSCGWGNN;&T_.C+^T!TJ%\UJ5=3MU#T(T=[[?;@ZT(JW'&EK+;W:
5T3()=_[



-UW\HA;





3$Q+GAM;)57VVZC
!#]

M K

M_
7L2/?LF8E?Q\=:7OG7*-N\9%63\\JIV6[N?D
W:]P26L3OG%V:WKFC2GGA
M_%5=?-_.W4 I8@7;!6RL.9K5A1J$A2QU\=U+WF5

M%W_RK3C

M0J()R51J@FI0?[Y6C7]Y8*NIC5_.+4W18]4N4$=)/*';11-]L-T_XFE[B1

-0^@
MFG@(6D-E?93NR[Y=FX?!YN$V !ED(0B.0

E!(!O7.Z





E4Y%]W/W&[RZ1U@06L3OC%[JP;TC0GEB[$4
;G=S







ML! AM3*6!AA7--CPQI)L!R1DDA2HDI!^G@C5O75I0!';X099.B_2.R\$2-
3
M&#R%JAP=%%CE6/HS



M:F'7MF*UX!?%\I)NA2
O14'$OXPR7B]=Y-X6GO/369D%;[6HR(G^HNIWM15Z



M7G^CK:'(=5KW/^B5
@TWF6B-/6?2_CO[BU2\:%ET*@5Y:YYY:9]URW\+@P-P

HT#S0F[DWBW;O[#OM

C\*CR/\HL1EC
P1@#8&QY^
MM#'!$((
H64(^@Q^
&$S ADB*(=@X'


[9_





M][7W_VZ&#7AOP&\&+/JC ?4&]-M _-% ] ;BHP:R-Y C@Z#+O9W
I\0DZV6I
MKU[9[8=STFP[]B#KY=HU-]O5:?]7SV=5WWU;L_JS#-X:3[UHTXGX4'13!+7[




MC%+9=(6MJH3D@GB08*
8M'

\




M


AOS0\Q90.9=8
M8GHDY
+1F23F0DYYWI*8_FAYRV@FK-QL,'@7M7Y;$]9*R\G;X4ICGY&=R]






M]GX[5
./]\V+^NROCZNSFD+^%[*/\Z/.35K]&IEJ?-+NR+3;8?Y.'Y=GBO
MKI=)7!=H%']OPGMQ]GU0=^4QRW[4/WY_NAW&=41A&U9E745:?;R%6=ANZYJJ



JBSHR@Y:T9/I&8\;
:C

K@S(-)GZZD3RP3&
D&Q)261@514)!&F%45(R)%:-8Z-W1
MJCI]CJ75H@0V*M32A
)1\9;4.!*XHB B[Y4&33G&80WN$CK90'2EQ)YCSBF#
MPE$T'


M@$32DL#L4Q!^%
2*DZV+-WL$J8*8T!J!$ '8U' P J*W5=8P)J1$!'N:\Y

1J2&B*2;@P98

@!

M7G-8D[\+*:JU5]P@A:3T(2

M7XMW(O\NA(\O\4[A$V^8 \MYKJ%:5VV*#BR32SE2QFMH7
IIN#Y326$_P.
MT]A!RTOW*@?\*Z


65




M-#V



XOG18%(1H7'8/



'\..9Z4#   J







MVUC&JT4AKD[1W-YS7

MBVX*3Z6_U2!48TU6.'4+;&Q%8$BV0!)@$P'L:%#'!]V.3G&&$&8(ZPQA)T-H



M%W/D8F[4F*/.]LRD!UCF 94QYNOZX6YGAQ0=%\S'%/*!CYEO8LBW^\OFK0G;
M+=4#/(9*
;
40T-K3+8-5O7Y@7!\8H3\D.F'[$ID@46KVO?!?)I1HMXYPS!*
M60 L4]\=QS!EX0=XS# &V2@.

M1WC(



1H)D-FC54-/W*D



3;P=7]6_F.15


MBKRAY0X5WZ%\V'$


59A\X



M8Y(J1=]3S2E7=ZA^4M*CU



ME5;MCILP$'P5Q 

M$VPS













&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q.2YX;6R5
M5=&.FS 0_!7$!YPQ$ (10;HDJEJIE:*KVCX[Q GH#*:V$ZY_7]L0CI#--7T)
MMC,SGEW;NVG+Q:LL*%7.6\5JN70+I9H%0C(O:$7D$V]HK?\Y<%$1I:?BB&0C
M*-E;4L60[WD1JDA9NUEJU[8B2_E)L;*F6^'(4U41\6=%&6^7+G8OR_EL5!F
M 65I0X[T.U4_FJW0
S2H[
![,CDJXY^U7N
M5;%T8]?9TP,Y,?7V\^T#VCF.GWT7^F9

MNF]9VV_;ZU]H



$Z\%)V-4@]:=2!_#!H02


0

+
M7;(@S'R2KEL
QO



M%&_ZEHN&OI_]!5!+ P04     !=AEQ, \96A5P  #0  &@   'AL+W=O



M6[5]=A(GH#68VD[8_GUM0VC'JKD)=AFSC!GR!CGG9OJF1



MK^S







UZQ4O]S

M_

M'WY%S3







#   &@   'AL





MV*[Y565IP5Z$(Z]Y3L7?9Y;Q^\8E[F/A-3U?E%GPMNN2GMD/IGZ6+T+/O);E


M_\*:@B+7::K_QFXLTW3B=[CP#-9_3J'JU0\;UAT*CG]J*]I45WO#?\C# ^
M)@#: !+^-R!H H*I 6$3$ XO+J42IL]572[%OSNB/KQEM3\B\A3J-4_F
5*




@818K
%P2U*
(\L7#@WB+)'%EP=Y'E
M)%F6BS#]RLBJRJX$XEF%4!+!T'MR'X,U0!W(9 IJC2H/KOC'@@(BULV




RYX;6R56&MOJT80







M?^F#;X-YRVJUU?D_YWUS6KF)Z^S5(;OFS3=]^U6- 86N


MC@;2



M21:/M


M
J)F

#%@#1%R4D.1\[ E;2V#59L!B6;
MEL09.9)DS1 D:).$4I:4XV5FT'IMM4\EE*6?*79L5*RAZ2247U[8I*F#\%
;_05!
MH4D9@6QYQJL!1ZL!T00.=)Z3^D H280,H+AGV6MSO!IPN!J85<V!SK.(;)8A
MC!1_F&!;3_'\;+!T;)A^]#@6
5Y^ 59X%A4^4.BRI&H!H*^=X+B/JF":2
MR?N8,\?RI&P4ET F^+8(Y^%
=WH2_)AB#;%PEJP6
HYW1:C+J



MP4]LP6

_3) -B#5%N%FL0QC^Y+RK4-6Q/TNLG9V^EDUW:C09O9]7OO#N
MO
P8W[#G=#AU_.EF. 3](ZN.Y[)VWG33Z*(_
SMHW:B69;OPN\Y)9?O[0ZX.

AZL^O?3W?7_4$L#!!0    ( %V&7$Q-)FV)[ 
  '42

MK/Q5'2FMC=]Y5E1+\UC7I[EM5]LCS9/*8B=:\%_VK
R3FC^6![LZE339M:(\
CC6S8]
M6IR2 _V3UG^=7DO^9-^L[-*<%E7*J.D^Z5Y#_.8D$;0$G^G]%+UOAO-4MX8

+GV+*L:O\:VW-5


 .,\7'37BX:\UX?5]





:)I5A!^I6@T[0HBS!.Y

MG)*/NS%JZ+:F\1*84

M
MY8S=]&VQ?&/6



\9V

M%*N^HRLY

MEA
1\



;


14FZ.\$%5+H='XHR$\_F<%I6.$N=
M[2S5%PU*RLX2*2NG%/Y=P-

[.';:8WG-B!@D&NK0,UR@RTP
M9H5,&'^\)NY<6F)_?U?_XG(WN1RI@JU@O\N3+M;X:
3G.F5Z1?1? 6?3X*1
M3_X[W( 9N(W$^


M#D&[


X

M^TE&NG&:_0-02P






$:P9PAC)+V!
''0@WPQP?TL
)!G C#00@8A$RQ2$!1)0(+EAU5)0(87JC(TZ.Q *


MT8U&H6%&R+('8MAC&/(8
5;Z4:/&@2PG'(:-B*=GG @4F8'(Y
0.K5
'NQ5#


M)3MC5)4!#L

N
!;,A@JY8
M^:O8R7SF9[ZWHWMR+.4K.W^F-J#$]VST7^F)E@JNE2@?6U8*\^]MCT*RRK(H
M*15Y;Y]%;9YGRW\Q@PVP-<= 49W#2)K$'W4(+8&\4<-$FN0. 9!&[M)YC.1

M^LX'AGPL\;4Y=ERL(

M6*Y!:#R^ER'XDD!@;;N5:5$/[ =\#2#P'KAQ+R*XOE'ZR'[ !8G BAR[I_ :
M%6?XAB.XYA!4=-FMI

2:HTAD_J

.B/;





M_&Q/3$9H9

M+[3[ H.?K6T-YK_!#8B$*R7RC(P2KG^M[





 VT272)<F*
HDKHK0V^FJ4$?+F82=1N8H!-7OC\#5
M4.(4GQM/[-!9WR!5T=
#_ 7[K]]I5Y%)I6$I&%*(@UMB;^EFVWN\0'PS& P
MLSGR2?9*O?KB5U/BQ!L#K7UM0-)]@YU[(V?@?-?&TI?.YV?U'R&[R[*G
M!K:*O[#&=B6^QZB!EAZY?5+#3XAYEAC%\+_A!-S!O1.W1JVX6]4'XU5(JHX

M=).[S:Q]

(RF:@[!*Q_8Q8KY
)0YR%R4=V

M@%Y^J2GKL) A.R$^


M('3
;





M%2PR?*






P0&1FB_^A+;&2(_Z4O\8-5UXE6

2A*#DNVJ_?L)%-UW9B6W

MUZS?7$VI $GH.K)3C9S2T@%FH;RSV;9M$4#K,8Q8MLS[_#5!+ P04
M !=AEQ



S(N


MES[FAO!%#&T@T!K('/;XL.MAT4?$L1'%8Q\3=1'?+IIVL4L^YC0.;))I-U
M
?EO
&@D

ML6&?@_$*6.POHHUINHZ;?-
#_4#TD%?
V1 N_@'4([TGA&

W^ U!+ P04     !@AEQ,H$&E=@$   !


S



NE&+^YPD(ZW/7=]\77IIS+?4*K(.G^$[R!_=@:L(
M32QE0Z$5#6L=#E7N/OJ[?:KQ!OS@5[



M
C* ?






MX66I/:DX_ABG_GU


M)J7@



XBG0+C!
M-E\Q9D'B& H&#(.$N;XQ3 ].YZ0

%)X)@*!*:1




M=LLP-HI8R;;*4%#].+
-*TO#I'7\[4C#?DU3.'Q_9?]B-Z\W\T0EV_#R3[%3
MQV4XX,=V]-3J1[YY2OK-D3H-O]=W9FI88;)7J-+2^E_0RV)ZEXU;%H*15]


VHQ1L[!?0ZDC(%I4P]*2@F<PP
M QEF-YQ+#C+DD(;4\:,%98.MHGR2.W[XH2=C!P-BN%$QIZ:#


' Z&HXJ36XR%\X7]
N=*=G^[$]YXIID?%$RSOJGKX?E&ROS.M4
MOXNVL6T'BC==TQ[UOQQ6_P%02P,$%     @ 8(9<3&(UR34V0  TCP  !H

M7!6#
;=3E3I3
_-
[';L.F \0.(S_WX:Z#BPOR7H\4-LR-I;ERVII?VIK]]7
;SNJM?*W^YVFU7LZWU<?U]^[F










E$F.
R8\)K5K(9F&@C&QU[I3));(-F'MB;&R5<<Y6
M: R0S%=EJN7!]- 4H-P.DUE/!VW$P=V=%O%X%DEX$[
R]FO&U









M($


U*9#Z0O*8



QDH5=+8E9W 1*F2AK77





UF




E*YVK2=BU0?
MWM6=RO/.D\[CIW'JGV)VAN?G']X?^L'KP3RGC;JK\A_9MMTO_=CWMFJ7ON7M

ROYX-/X_
MS+ !

M#1HYD2XE10D8BXTI$P'6FEH^=83*H/BB0.$\(P(?(03L) 483#1#!
A#S$
MDS!0E. P

::()K_?2]=&-%IDFKC6F&'8F V;
M#!V3QC :C
X8
'
T1/9[YM=&-&H+75&[1HP)8C9!]MP:T2A4R*0S% :( 8!(
M-'UN
:KQ.I(+X\*D

T8PXYI'#AA8[?&#
^)R&QC% W ;(
MWH*
Z
KMG6/


'K-F
M]P
W.-4V<! W@+#C-[+]?/MP,.7[=:6\..\Y


?6OX




A Q+T$6XZAY1A9CHCE293.


MHXC@/H/O6D,=P;I3OG# +M3TS50&666(U5L+2








V#.%K(WAE9 1M#:@;

$%     @

;
M5Y(F_'G/KZCHE]Z@(D 8*%P(V#T=04NR6]VRK17E=G1




M7Y64M\G/#U@2*$5 02J9E




M[O(D?7%T70WDR*OJFR180K;;;8N;_2Z[6='@9;(I-Q=8Q[9D#.13QS%4%QT+


4 TS^7D1P6A6E\X

OH[9?


M'+];BVR_S^').)&E*=FVW]:3Y)P(0M]E-.LB)])).GYUZK:OKJ]??[AN#)Q5




C_[0_$ZI\^RG_PY^2AGF$8+MKFJER9]N6@G87@Q'\]YX-NO-
M!A-G X'%B42X!BV\2(:C66\R'_:&@T'\=(-

.!H+PH2E[*'@L#2
M4


M
HBLCHBTVGQ:E?K?:/1I7DJK_54@O'2T)2$$\8_-

6<J&*K&T?.C0$00Z
M,MM#EC!D$Z^[8Q,,].473+K:Q3)5ISV3M'<;C+;U%6%ZK*WBS JZ0DUFIKI
M)CQ D;5 K0+JY:5H;^EMGG +[6A?5KMD=JIT$XC7!S@MKA%O_1BB/L



]'D=6*2

.\PR?ZLZ*15?0#W0YI






[[()#I]#S$RVR3W
M'S8NPMS6.6^8K0C:C5N6[USS^_TJV\P)^^A'B$
WM%YBCLDC[64KTJ7!

ZH8 H^27!ON\$O_
MND\?RJ6%A5U&/_F93IK$X!T$/4/D;7$/(9#6GZ3]L8NAD+7@E-CJJ1M\* O6

M.;N




M1/F6

YB1
M^:NMC7@W^7D/?O3.OM'N84X1CL$-;/GRF?2\H!A8EX^;AB3MN[B_[(IGY2

)9XHF$0TWT-9N



XV


W3W)RJ-*Y!2(%P_1UNY)/%_B96

F^::X&)8J]6HWK-A&
J*!?MIMY)4Q'+/
MV: _['C

M9+FP?A7*\_S[/R!B)HB_A'72




[&L%$
Z&_722W AIZHDO@XQ' YD\3E96@?_V ^
M5@8F&O4:P



9=%E9\X) S
MHX[)+/$BX 8P'4G+!GM-RO6\T%W'HN*)5O

)#:FOL+M(;HOWNN2/GWTXJ0@$YWZ7APW

M?6+-4@A#KC(L8.H[_;,GX0$D,W@B61MKBUZ%A6N7$@$8)YNB#K7F3AH [+



C%8MD

M&&^VT
!AEC;K[ EY

MRR$
O[9**1NAZ7_L)0VQD
?D3

M.JNN/30-%I7SD)CX$'8]0WM'+IW8_^U+S
%@=& NAJNVI:O8![)DJZJ

(9#
M5A1QX2


)@E*V5FZE&L<SNV<?6'*C&K=0)8 _




:=




M]KC



GV!;N.V]@IU3/

M#6Q*UAJF;_83-[N20 =6A/[M.'H[S_B0Z3*P/@8/%&2\K;4@ (([DVU(=EE!
U\.*:A
M7[C'SB_[\^1%<IXB7N*%6V2SR-A9,IM-Z9DSF8?^'8_[E_C8&XQG_=$)RYS1
MZ\/^*)GW9R8LL#!,$(4QH*W:59'TW%SZF$1LO[U^FHPG]%ASQ?;XSY+Y:I+

!K=T








E6\VC+C6CVA+GMYZ;PG/R/+UC_VRXV!2[:
M[P*MI\HM4'J!




F_-N6SX2@Q)80T;J3[[JD?:%_^-OQBO2&K]R$B^V9-SS
_JI

%*

C


75=9+&
MDG%P%RCMIZQ82:W10#IRTEJ=Q(C/LA KFD96H;H3[I :P_.8*Z^67))!8W




L


M:*_D&35BWA.?+V;8M)!O6)?:2U\0,+QS\;3(+&V9R65H*%F+IOD[-Q.O-D

M!7
*]

MK9A5-^BO2TV

M


M(?]+4E.LI*]( &ZU.(D$JAZ$YB'9:$N'9_WD?8;7&$6?Y*)Q*
 )GK&M$/%;
M\ ZI

U2UDJ:R$U6FVA6=\7

M]V.%7X)
#AE
MXS1YUGR1H\S)L^9+'&6A/&N^S%$69*4[H?.(9RQI\XQ).(.IB9A,$YYU;\P7
M(X'<C+604-QW)%A&YQX36APVOX*I@Z9/QBE_<!OX\B0[1'NFP^'3?VJST<



ME7_
MJ@^BM1KT[)8JG&^



T\)PL Y

MZ0$:W*-@$#]3WT*=33=Q:6$/0R#&J?:!):N']?)O)$.;7Y%#KG[=XEK%

MK0N0RV0%
O8MQG*83QUL=_BV%77HJDY!YY%]%

D][^P-I@ICD<Q
_YOL);7RR5FW'JF8=TU8ILD(_9O%INI9H6?+2V

MB?K=A4REK=9*O;(+\+]D]._:H EGXZ/92FEEY*_2I;(%N&T((H^I4%@0*2]V
M(KX$Z7+L7SP&2W:



D
@'
M#K]L.0W-L$]L8P+1)AK^Z^92?.V@([)X((K#L.Q]=3;J.Q($05)$\N;S/Q%_









*=F243T&



A(H6D]#!]%M+^_=7U=[;A



RLB)&HRR618@V
K/



MW1ZV!=P0*#;



(2NM4J
MG 
QXME6M4W*
/38QZ
M/DR]<M_]L@ %?&;[R6V\BE['E]JF4.M3?325YL!9I?60R8V)!X2<WI0LCN5

0.B<[NEK:/VCA1N

EV-ZNQK!(*DH(@'4G%A4;)97AFO#3_SY
 *M6[M*AHT


M;4;4CTJ-.OSE2H+
72D


M4O]M
G[ATA3\R82/6*IZ\JQ ILF+)@H8KKMSCEM-N_3GHK6IF'(D[;-P/1&C

M

MH


M&BX/U1_#%\



M:#U()T!R

PCM&WA


M4QWBIK8X1RRK@+%6-2&)XJA+2D6G3Y_N(F_/&E]45\I6[)E8%G+/K&M:/(.(



YGSIZE

MX





/M!VN-''MUV5MK33

+MIWI? B'LT6QS@8E%9V N#0Y9@E\F7
ME0;UYODZ.9NDDZAC<
(X^I U%*MTT&:2F=1]





M/9


ZW)7!]E&5
M/:#N_W0DK0OHK\F
6RP



D!,^R/Z;]BRHOK;W(S@I58 Q8UAWCS\MK.T&MH[I-SDX9QT0H -?V&Y
MZ/90E]LXM,@V$UU*J(@+W&<E&\R Y3(AUO1MBW5$VP+

M=89-$BQ4DOY






MM7JO^/X
0E:/2RHL;HM:B1QMSB%?=D



+L5%(!ZC8





M
+35D





TZ^VA1- T$



3WPYB*_P

M)I2@]B1-)WT1DS___ IY*YSKW.! X)C/
E@DK08+TVJP8 D%&@]?-LEKWN_N

;B+LPWZ-V!SZV_[8[_/_*[A ORM:@

M#4PC9=YFW$7;*F.=S+0/K(I]F$C:6E60L3VV?[38#8[8/VR240#5_[9_?+G]
M(_D;5WX[[&T?SFOZ-;YH-8_



M3C(+[2SUDJ]!)O#.(/)_G*-3#+63KDX^F&F&$Z8\O*N89[X?.
1JCYPL_%






8
M2+BPBS9?XZXLR%T06F7KHMM&'M)Y@
4.6^@DC!?J[)F@@@CLLQ+A'W0=Q;/!






M
7' %F-0NZ+YGP_QUGG%JR%=;?YK@'V(G
?T.-1AY@B [A :$JX5@SLIBL_Q






MRV;;_29C&:_@!4/4#3+W81_F!RV'XLMM6!M@/1!B&*9\N'^MAX+WI]N5\QM(


HZ.!OVA'G/[
M]M/^&-$[#B7L


:]#W+AP

:VY[(_
S_L=_ V)/GD^UGBDD22*#3EA[$O!H(F7N-HCRW1'=B&#_O1P
M8:O_^]#37L 6BCX6*HB*@G^U!L015S 9T0V8FS/^Q.YJ5&:A;VST5LNP0K1
MN!I6]:,98:071?D0ITP4/PS]S5'^S'S2%
._#H(6[PW4'(+#S;/.N'HLC9:

MA=L=^?EQ%'9PAG%2^UV-C (?/0L7G;8-!U\N6$J'



]+'MC#:Z[+

:$9
MJGZE4U*\DY0#M[NBDH_&4YU/'062$.1F-!7)(1-Y)AT-12))1V.YT:/1E-GE
(-FI&DZ^PM73X%;U5K*5(OZWT[()J
M@Y





@-)NSWP
UE



XTG\T8@=S!WO=*H6XJ)


MA\NGXG:!;ELJ_:J


7D2Y





2=0B+\
MT+:5@@%A)&;8'MZ;0^PY^JM




5J4[ E
U!9N[*3OK[K6F;AUJL!H)7^=D./M@W5(*9SD7;G7\'#8X]#[NE&MYIK

M6HB)P+HD6-V@[W[
GA0;KD3/=(U5S(&A91WJ6'#^'1J128HNUC9=MFGTR)7F








 1O*#U;5A]5M4.&HG

&#^ B
M


M6RU#
FMJ0$9*


)=R\:F%$$L7R'O[9+^
MF25YO_H$W+2)Z*? 6;\YCGY3=X]B.9B
RB@**8AS%YMPS]U60$]0BRN+K
M8OD6:[T/R

H*!&UIRB^3P#M%
M#KSYFPA/LC!7Z^



M=KVD@LMVJ87.H/+0*US].K.%C1O

.EOV.X)3'8I
M)/22D :ZS/@[^$K=9%]9\TEL]Y#5=AFOT?FJ5\H%[=NF80R!(H!&*,7-'W
M;'/WP7E&+03.4O3@T2C$BF7<)3:C?ZI0$D\9VI<[BLZ*1(S#[QOU ':+J==
MSE+D#@Z3Z71

M.$[.T\E$FHQ

W/
MW&)G)]P)LED\%(_CJTD:@.U)#D\3$7MJ2_AF/$94Q2NXVTOC_:3 ^![2_8






M?G*E89
22
I6VT[PL!O-9TZ[S09'IOTUZFHBQC6-)37P0YU7,2LS:RO=EK
MT%:$%3'ZQ8VFO*_&A-2M!UI7RP(

M[W($I\S4A^ZLF?Z:HV$ZP

M8=^ 5.W
$LGRG*3



8\?
Z(6



MLSE2ZKPJ!\.?+C8






MZ9:^KGKF'M4\L('J(=M^E%)[^!B_GFO_K
%
M  47(%DSH/OFRM95

M(L]1O



:VIB(0Z^X.M#M?N.J
M:G#5'FZT91O@-QA-2DJXQ^U.[


?GWA
:A+

M0]3!T;]TL.4@=EN02O)T.&:P-QD

M/YER

73:7(H*MK)0B7G4


M03W
3K@B:3KF5A%I*B'
PTLD_H579






LG%F)T4*ON)TR&










]3


6=7WO:4(4%$89



%CC:0A65+4[/&
M-Q4M;2
M5IFR7'%T@0TS



M(CB
W79OG:@@TB3B5=HL)^R(Q]'-HR 2NE'(N99N$9N'72OZFB=Z&3[D( ?#




M1L]]$VX1Z2(IS\4QBP

2MN+07^P;'N




 KDL W
MZ-X@D07H7,'%C-) 56VWY*9B]YFSL7&*BV#<HJ#[B&'*?AOY__D18%S H


MY\38QB0(C(Z\/R&VPHXKL-?+

M^K;

MYTI[(W9:I @2DN= ?Y-P=M3O)SVAO#\D=)?5=\DU] R+[B::I!^R51M9D$





?BQLJ?\M%9 %\R))X.F IC!DJX#PU
M#K''H0 ^)+H

MS(;T9(0BDF[%


M^+U@4A3C



M^I5
U3&R%*%R(5W 7$](M5R



M)[3E4J

[[/+Z +Y8LD3(R
1
M0'U7



M
M+/YVXOGJ#DVG3A4&!Q#7I@K;)'/52_-J.-W0JMJFGK'3SQ'A[OB98_7:#M



_8W/M_
MV'NSYC:2+%WPW7]%V!UJ+FD&LA&!/=/F@=JR=:\R4RU*558V-@\@$2210)L
M+%*R?_WX=Q;WX[$ H%)5U7VM'R220R^'C_K]YG'7*_GLSMKN*:&TT95@X-@






M%KHN;Z8/I1HYJ_6F075A1[1QC2=2CW5
;U@E\/7NI-^U3C(3FVKN+$/%MI!I


*#L1SFP5G5V(SDA1
M5U4WAE5U@Q_&0M'%D&94R.FA!Q4/=U B5I6*1*Z9RD56;M2D??3$
LW:Q7=
JME]<\W[9+XS4J/(G26%9X?G0[Q;)

BN)'C_+@JRUIF39U0
M.'0W71-?68QQ^L=JDH5:)7P'K.604._U$W=5/F[#KN[1*W4ZAHR.(5-BFQ\
M(*6X)Y-2LY A?




P6/A#*E_=/]H)9+XD'5;&EJNC\:
+?7OK% (\'-7\[\
M




#(S(F\_Q\3K08WW)_/ZL-R2@FI7


9










M&@G
FYR!#



MO'9OE)BM?8.$N_(4MP7+;\V91+$=[?K!Q\!F3H.%+4:!=J_N;X)P;*_TK[R9
M8#\3H7NT:A:W=9]%./U0 06@
6MC&AD@C(=](3QLGNZ3C*%V1
\\437ENQVP

M/$*0UCFLJ1M67S@T/:QYV
X
#O1#!J[6'2,C;15?IZ'QW5YCP=\*3.04&,B
M=LNM28U9H.Y

MAV((#.D0%=:


)]+5GM]_4:7&84)U%^B[+D-T\RBG4(TN/+3:
MQ3CI)M1IS$HD-

GK.89[M9E2C*MF-B^H:

MV

?TT'N_I#AZ



$Q-


M8D












(RI!QW&%+_A((('#;LVZ@D?AODY)+S8^$/IML5%V,OO 
13'^(O*\
MP9]^6O0X6EN
Z#YU







+LOIS=











B**DFLQ5O


V!L(
C4[Z4%!U6(@

3(&?^DSUCYH?C





M%T$U&(8M ]0/09
YZBE39$YIF2U$;:=%I(=)F.]QW*Y.ICNWSNF# +E)C;X\



^1WO]$];
 ^C4A)'BO3.3*BU(%P
M3^%+7H9#XQ.5_$]5?4 SOI1//T?2Z\E;FY657R_I&/7WNAL\N)'K&!L)9PN


#V!YZ-5I4X1#]$
MC6S );18A)6%GN 1S58W.]U25)X:)TZ@BAY]F?U]CQ@&IA=$D9A8V9?V8JE
MD-2;^ _7M GL.IYS,%SG$0.P8 2;./L7L3'W4\GH




MS(7^%2M1_GVYRT(SK95)XX;?.M#DE6'1)N%L;9OR\8MNG1[8SFGUG$0*#
MQB$I-








Q;A\]Y61




M=K1OA
2]%13ZV
2LN8G5_=4ND&3]D&$&RK=6CC,9G-GG?[)0X'51Z\LC1G
MH\;XX8G[


IB4X
Z[BL[GVBFPZ!2^]68
MHD([X#@^1OL]Z*MFW; ^R=*
M;126Z:UD$G!1GE


(77K<O%1AZ(RDO6P!4Z'&Z
M*4MU
#*N
M+WV8*M+!_:)*ME\&'9YTJ (=#92YJ9B+ZI/6D=-QUN[%-I$1A/UTXP]1'''7
-9R4&W-;@Z_$VC_
'S\
BN#R_R5U^7_&#*7*SWA0.6Q/L1

&P] ;^?Y2BE:SG 0UQ69EUL:!6:VM
MX4^L8G_IMK(&_.T[=JZZJ@84LW%8I-44_'0E.VVN4LL9FY[3\OVO49RGJH5K




MQT08ZFIU3JN&O9L$%ZJ4U!)13,N?3\F&R0@+-FBMLQ F]PR ?%&? RJ
GR

T(:,+7WCOZ:;Z^@ 9%7X6I3%<0\.1
MWIAF/:O_B7.:3]R-*F6NU5_NY[F3(W&#*ADP$/NMBLJ2^(%ODT.ZR9*1OIXP
H [R:/4 8EW^A7?PS^W :
M\Q;,93$IX2 ?=$5=_R%G=Y]2K[9761C8NN *PG 2N)SP07#-LUE''&I+7





V*FC

SA[S&32T4-AYQLP@%P38!)[8.-%LF_\FIY61[4G


OXE$5*C)E(XC\T 9JO-_WZGC#+O#-M)N$Z?;


639FOS7B9

M@;/Q2KM#


MT*88HTR]-P;25V\
G@1O



M4$]T)F

ZYZ(P6(8I?SV;_ T%B'V#*).3[[I@WJ

((PJ


M.?6MWLV0M7OVW%N/3P(OHO:[]Y'.M





H%@MWPNEGF

'OA.
!L&8*YL()V'GDQ*Z



L0SA[;NPG]B%)
M&SN4Y(


MXKMV
BTO.-^NH+QL=@]^J7P.K.Y)=K__Z@Y!WK F_-U?[[VV\W0.\)B9 2%%



MV(BVUFJ-Y

;;Z9B%X#/ 1'DF:Q)K]M5=?(0M GY:_[$E Z-PT[A:P-JDX08


M[O+5JU\___+IZD89J_+]3651K&(-_C0'Y%Z3A^^N@=)Q8S-L8V$5]^H!:S?
MOM;KD9DISW'^ $4H 3..;Z-6J:K$!B&\JUQ@HM_$9U9...?H $NGH+L/K*
MB9W

M_Y_FO3'CL3Y_HM5CU#+1+P
9])XI_T\[RPPZGI .YLJ%3%!QEN.1ED0ZV4WL
MI)I2B3]D-33-=2'7Q;N'@D4]&*2?ZZ*@)DRJ[1WU% *W'^V RJNK(_CY[V


7 HPC*FO08?KJ]2M_EN
@
MIPBLHB#?Q&E69$^^0]./O 4Q2M/


]W<KY*B?CZZBI:AF%IVIA99 G1;^
-
MM&*O
]WF^S-#C&([.7%7R[_.





M9RB.NQ-649TFQ8
FH':2NERTSH[9 %9FH 



M7$UGP-8KEZVJ



E(CN9L;M1QR4R2[_FLXEZU;%NJ

MZ%6J\@\/6V1FWJ


MVB@1K




0ZBR8TXHI6P(%RD\G$#D548]&FM?

M0^L[!3^8*IH4Q-/\H=1G._OLY:RYA83W*(%%6F_6::
87A*RJ+05T&7B\+!-
M-UC'02L*\+R:#T3UE\G^
D'9K@'%5!%,
MP\P4%<84&;)6)+J45D+DO'D'DHI)63TQQ&JCI0K'FJ-



ML%

I6BR7L3P. $UA.08RJ[\14]5/21B+O(M0'@E
*
M)ZU7)Y6-C=6 3W
]4MW'J\_^


2!=R$8.H+'+D  L'!DE
M

-0!W5?)DZE(
.4FOK*S EP3X-F(?L[&N'48FD

M@5J(ITVZ@!TGC(:=:CM



MO0@[!]&6%W;7*VQ[P3B[]EO77_VOO[Z.EH/7!!D8\2HKL=R69 XTLT(FKZ


M_J*BHY!PH+(]18?$$-?+M:E*8F-W3TQ%@[:&G(ES0N1D%+/(.1I7@E^XD!4+


=M&COL




H

2K_9G8P1J*%D_,J6.$!3UW*[HLP<^@
M+L!F!P\*PJ<9]O*+49QOG8TJ[436*Y#RCG3S/ *P]/Q#$;PCFID ;8H<Z:%-
M71Y19OII45!Q@S:R#F!TDHW'0\8D$52?I\@(8!3
[[H'='

6$ ]++)Q=A=

MY-T^$

M6!9!


A^=]K(U
M@S%VKZ-QZX_


MAZ$$T&(61]S*F.$[K^:06PR2+BP UR+P
A5X:MN0UHAD-Y6WMX3#HCI&)W&S
M&IF'U)PJD& G2ZPQQZY+$=YTT$

MZW(QE]!]%C1WQX9!$\%T9@FF'Z8WZQ7@B58/E(5G:XIG7N*NGR1[42F]8Y83

R/;3
#\

MDL
DDD3,3--67$#S:UX:NX#.D0=CF
M9]4K=5K*D;&QF6O

PY@&


MJ5*NPK1M4^TU+MH)


M[/*3E.^ #YW5=QSM]5LG(E?M_XI81L!S::(H2M=H?:X5J.DV_H+
4()$P']D

MJ\2@(H/:\%I0XAPD[9?I?('^)]I1T-:J(H9#N'/VHDG66BF$FEC6+1P:5I?





M:4H@*=7N &ZCO$




MZ$TAD

H6C;.V0'=& 9



++O
XV'@U
2R]HCQ?''
M0DNL.I4VN&1N8C L/H UA

M2\$S#JIA
CC=JIRE#G-C+9)9$P]/SLG /#3Y^H[8 59P6W=&=;=6/7P9RETD
MK$+!DQ2J

M8@U9IN^
8L:!H4H5M=_S/WNK\BV94*I'P3]8R&^M91^!O1U6I*EM\D]2IZ
ML0-:3(QZG

'9





M=

;R;3(IH!@D^&&)N3F]1G%J8]\CH'!4K=@4
M3+C2FZ8Z$:,YT-H$W#[4!Y*)!P30,?YDK-\EN



MM\&$32.Z 063[7@)'E.G2!'1F?W-Q&+ KCWX*-$QL4?#\![R+ XNFHF25Q



M2$_&?2Q:UR5A


MF6^DDL0
=%#?'JLX31%S



5G]8^4%U
MVQAA.G_P



[]Q-J;+/





E+1:8_R



M'R7.G
8ZG OL?]0;K#6;L@S(K=QH1H E'Q\7).&49K
BR '6SS01/4X(F6_5

#OTK!




MF_
^T[@ZAS61F1C2#CA47G.=)'ZR1
Q-9+?Z08/GC_]AM4IHV

MB^W+*C
5S1+;K8AK.43

EYWDD\N
M)K9@

MU@W8J$R;


XX5DE
WN
M

6W-
GM

MQ\B/_

9'!*]EB#/Q
MX

*C
CE[!)0;KBA0Z''F:GT $^E

6W$+8AGEA_

MGN.
4E?/D3G4YEK6BTNR7FCWK:7!T1-!)CP!\.'=RY5UCY$Q:X^@Z39):]EO

M
8VTZ!!4!#8=2?+K)\GUA *%:2V]+K]Z*@-/LGX=XCKBV-.V;G2 )(60 :FF

!



H
DA-UCE+%-0V^HM

Z


M5*3;6B[X;^;4



M0F(W3(I





+8
63OE2&W\N


M\')@V=4EBW&&6Y-A




M'$3AT6B^UZZRD==77J4?[YF ?A?\&[T!U







MWG&$JNQ_]+S24-6S+I





M()6Q3G66T!&17]1P3G8T


(WY!BJZS;^


M:@FG ]I;P;TW


MC*/R'J;






MB\@;I$_CY@;+UQ/$+=Y^6Z_4[RP%$+SFA$PT
F42-R/TD 
0:HM.:_JB/D
MUN@






]L+5LC6H?]JSZEZF)_!EFI]JL[MHG&BH


]&+*:NR[]<B4G&*X<@_N2W:9M/\*#?XW08


J!








M=7[K98FL




M\MQ&+%6ZAW=RK]

)W ;^84Z\!L\[UWD
M_6=OZ**#_I

M^G&'JV: -60Q4X%K


M


!WFTUQ0E9^[W B%/?#L


M_DWG




M_$H9(JGS-4;\1G042MNVR



M_DU0MF?;CH(4;






#X

4FR?CV+<Z
M$HTUJE!U''/4BO=I
$GE*49( 8KCV*(G!NVP81S-#O^'C^)PD*=5ZV84Z;OV



MJ?N ZIH7U6Q;
P+R9R1H?X






B Z+#=$H\XYI^']/;P?9RK\


6/


MZZ0T/.[6


/+7(N-^[R3

[0'9$Q-2

S)'$-FYN/ZSXP84FP=MEFI)/8?SX:!86KOGQ/_#'=%]N=

/CJ6E;.GZ'9SF\N9$1FE%Z2TJFK;-BHKE[8_;V)E
MUW&;-
K]9%Q




G'%'A'N=#T0PX';DYXL\)KTY!A=KQ$;.2
MJD,W%,'!XIDHF%P#6-R0T@ZZQHO1SP5_R%MI-?BWUP0YU;(^4NAB7%I#./,*
M ?LY/+H69-(U43647U


M;HD280XZSG94XTL;]Z3FZ4L\A04[!B8
3(-D#H?*H&[[(W.D'PUM:)#^\FO



X-]2!JU]5[D$*00RZ _*SCL9+:^%'-(\:!T6VB_






-.]/O@O3F





*==?HD) @
3,E)5BZ6CE
M)2Y\P0AD















L67\
MVZ\SST:EEQGHP[_% C-+]
=_A

M'7GKV::9J&'HUE!WX6&
?HW[ J/2[_[Y]/KL$O_L_7D7T]]UM1+:?K@0Z]'V

#H'^$WVE;B/U(HSS

/@*OOAH@  GX%VPE!VBU-
P1@#ZVNEN
1V/H'P.1


M\V
08I&71][5;L_T^1$5P0SW]&JI7H@@SWLH#X;OM-V
M$6.2LG

MDT
-P
84/AT0E2291)P L49


A5#Y?EBFT%

!:VE / Q$&\?D[XBNT0GCK$:NM[X_ ^%1D;.7
MDUV(=]0!4K;
?=KLL$$_F*4=.E'X+#$6$5 W





M@(VO#D_\?4[?&X
?Y70Z?(E47=X&KT




MKC*






<6SYS+H2!FR&/NGRV-7'LZ(*;#BY(/4H86ZN*V.UWNN,E(ZR39
MIOSK:P)-Z.[@4'C_JLV@53(JK37(Y</D(8U29SM ( R9LOV$;(!LV35_^XW


M[M

M^&I18$A;D?4. &0BT&^LF\E[VZ@Y_Q-71S4W4CI5*[*;^D47JE6KT: AKC;
M/2AMKS/IKQJ
6NCR1JF5J (84IB.K-V52M*=:+=@H($^87C4@V
FC-UKQ




9(!4VC. '7BH?203Q;H
M!@/V!PBB S *,-J':/N(:8-)[$=.9C,2480$5G@*#V4RIAZ'S5+8-&W0?X#
M
5?%BHH1
^](Q

 #D
MM@9E%SIM#K5M&] +\:\!8?#T*!N*C-_ 2

[0 F!7((J]+HB-7ON(QAR)D5
M(\A$UOW2!O;NF1_0QXC_
^1_3U*BT1FQ!-C4#S@
OHG5 :YL;I]H3?X0?_0
M?'K
G^YW*7:ZS]7W+


MOL:(2/H(T-5%7
81*9E#O96DC2\![P_P-BY?Z:0E*G<1Z16Z6O0YN/3HP[$,7Z
M%J3D3LK6,E68XP0YPG8N#D[9J_CNK$BQ5,QUZY+#&87BXF8;CV[NON8;4Y
M!Z: PT;B\C^N2R%2U6)8CN?:EFQ2+?<RS8)255[) 2D4-'QM]'4- AB\-[5



K.$SGRO]*!\^5C\#Y*#N]TT+FZ_NU/Q@+_/I
M2[30&&;HGL0?$
@)<M 8Y#D:5S(N\C@CDZ=PQ+\:. Y/(20&D4WD)4NDB4J.UKVG$I!=<9-67
MV0P;:6 WVD#X+JS9U0:N'8WS'-7S G?)W4MV_#^SN$()MZ2YXI,8&!22N(
M4C''8C1FWZ!NC0IDVB;H[P


MG3)1QUM #208C=T%$_\=VL5PA\_*C^9Q*=5M7ETW^O\FA1XL(5^W\Q*J9-
M1J\O?JV4
*4WY7$!U)

W!.A3AU
/1$EH.ANCP






VCR#*UG@_*IU NW%?%E!DZN.

M(?
;45U8?

SQ^\./






J6

M


PG



M$4.XRU@=N?+32GOM/[-7#]N_8
$49M;(B64


MN\/:U3323C39?RO65!FN$.ILHPE




MHXLQ\M*$



MC[7UN[V$7C-V6'AF+6?#7U3)X@15 QW$.8F)/ER'Y.[I0'A_Z!V#/KF3;B'8


M\D?)KPE$MD?+$
.@@H-LPI0;SQ9K&
9A&*ZW)DN2'8RAJ :!0CP
PT1K+A=E


MH9C9\W+CEWB8RS6P?GX


MH9X1:!!Y6-Y$($0PZ-5BC@2'E3JJ\2F&?1%%G0VY#;6
Q2/'7VN4Y.)K40['
MS
J4NM9^\CK
]FHT/


+AZ='O=C.UD:D+ .@DT
M9T!%$[VMU'^B%(:R0%M:38E9Q=3Q.Q ENO[=.7V8:U-5TR7!#)$HTLI 7#
.ZCF];L(K[M1N?VN6RY!60<'Q6IGF%@DJ!MF5'^O#YH
M5G.N8&Z; G]ST*YNRE!-#!YQ)!6[WX
$[T
8*3





M@:+SBU

'!$'ZT;4$+XN:I--'&G=/XD9W?=


+CUI

%]#1



MM2Y0F$^;$3L&%]AT
1[*FGG+F=Q&VX(2-$
KW)





MK&?;6)=6;_=/TL)J25@FTFIMH=P]/Y(A778[?



MKN]MN9B\KI8RY-Y






E8W&RC?
0QLME6


0-5*'BS]2$4V& -%^U7!823D'SE2)\W6+Q GF

MI5EKR4J[UGS%L3?=


MF -CT$7V=;2U2P/G;NX@[$P\P6N[!-\
(6;W3$%RU2A#8:ME1'E#310$'J
MH.'X@W3+&WW?'G\7KQ;::#J*_,4-V5,'_ Z%/5%U.4R+!M2.\-WMW;6^)\



M^X%AGEO^P%TF7=1(+00V'U6Y$'4;POYA25!.\P6:?S@V_#5XF1V!K/K0%&




M#E/'2(]9_.#H

.

0 Y!F:X/N[:
'_C!*IE
&=8-7 /Q.$A

MG

MG[HRPSQ$)=PTY\FC^8PJN8Y!7Z.5SN[4BA3-HHAGG8060HPSL-DZJ1N8RS1
MM:8;':0.PR/A\PG0Z/&ZOT)@

MTZ=#L28\E[[)1/?%

M:=B\@II^[8OS[#)=V&JWN;ZV4$--SX03U7$86T8M/NZR:R-TE6BSCW&A.+Q2

M1K_# HZ)@F#5YZJ#L0

M.OOK:5X6CU#-

V<5TA<T8O.;_7Y6AM+
M*.3#;+J'(H
)%AILGU0I;V8IEC_Z
DX24'UN*/E:?-!DLPB?74[5
84NL#/&

_
XGC


M.3Z\14$&E@0&V)__UEFHE1:Y0S!KUC9N0%IE-
1XK]B3M1LCY Y:M-80Q6V5




77
9'.6;2(Z+L0I#5AG(TAZ/R\:*KO_52
'A#C
M%A21G#F;375'






MQ^

QMS%F


T7XT
%^4#0 9J^Z90US5J2./2K5E


M#C;[



!B 7\4RTP321))V;6$DE1@3TJ1M0H*+

MES.
%9@SRO

[.WYQ_ZUP<G
@AI29Z^!AT*[<!'6V!_KG[U8*M
M

M[6)!A01*O_+:RTY%?NO2@:N9W:#D





O_V;@_^G=ENZLTA9_0T9QY.B YZ(+D
M\.5+]H]?OJ
YG79 \J@+DEUXW*

M(UB7/QGQ8%C==54A(EB7/^.$%




S/GG9
3^R_=_AV(WE?_#U/Y\) F^KI


MJ?F8


MYF#5B?:.^M]%IG937&M[^F3X([N
QV^*J;M.H'FOU]9S4E



'
N/K
MGN)

M-?E)S-_5?TN:$N0C_G,%H*8 ;50@P4'&=UOFOT;NA&
9&%@@.NTHN353_X

E' OOR_
U5I
MV+:K$Z;9:3H@



M$
0

F%!-9*.).

M!).
YB@FLE!\\


I)WL#N1A9*&:V$$TY
61O*T7#&Q0362AFMM O
MLT_BB*(B$\7





M?X[.+OO@^$X7Z\[XM\H


W'7)!@!):.\*PL4FHF[4


QVS1()T+3/!*@GRF&42I!M9H-!
W(42

\45FR




MX_J@(1]D 60





W;
MW6Z;



M
476F)K3)$UIL@:4V2-*;+&%%ECBJPQ1=:$(FMD36AR)I09$THLB8461.*

M%%E%46@51;%5% 57411=15%X%47Q510%6%$48451B!6%








M971S+W-H965T
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !=AEQ
'*(E@+\$  #^%P  &


M2P$% ,4     !=AEQ
Z/LGQ8P$  !;%@  &               @ &'%@
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 789<3*E]'$?D






M971S+W-H965T

  !D


2YX;6Q02P$
M% ,4     !=AEQ




3
N




M 0  T 


M
YX;6Q02P$% 
4     !=AEQ,O6!\+0!  #2 P  &0

M7$QW

M+W-H965T

  !D


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M     !=AEQ





  !D              ( !LDP


XF9&

M=#(W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$Q!/MQUM $  -(#   9




M='

:V#[&;4!  #2 P  &0

P+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( %V&7$Q&&)\]M0$  -(#   9                4U6  !X;]W



4




67R;JU 0  T@






M2P$% ,4     !=AEQ




  !D


MAEQ






YX;6Q02P$% 
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4Q+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$RRLZ*#S@$  )P$   9                ;R!




2HE][6




4     !=AEQ,RD'B,;   N0

M 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$QB
0R*OP4  .
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ 789<3.GQ\$$P


M-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     !=AEQ
)\





SV$(C)(%  !-(0  &0

M Q0    ( %V&7$P@*F'ANP(  /()   9                8/4  !X;]W

?=J9SJ!@


M;6Q02P$% ,4     !=AEQ

M     ( !T.


YX;6Q02P$% 
4




O



M   ( %V&7$R;HN!SUP$  &H$   9                ;W^  !X;]W;W)K

4     !=AEQ,&):_1_   !LP  &0              @ $F $




4     !=AEQ,BH9C600  !V




M970Y.YX;6Q02P$% 




M971S+W-H965T
3$U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$P?PXYGI0

3$W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$SJC -N

M

(   :

3$Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (
M %V&7$P#QE:%7 (  (

M971S+W-H965T
3(P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$R\F)P1J@(  &$+   :

3(Q+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$QX
?FXTP(  
P

3(R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$Q@R1H)

M
3(S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$Q-)FV)[ 
  '42   :

3(T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

M971S+W-H965T
3(U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$P\))'-!0(  %H%   :

3(V+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( %V&7$R-S5R--@



3



3
T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (



3


3
Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    (

IV!  4                6*P 0!X;]S:&%R9613




end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment

      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment

      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      

 Net - Schedule of Accounts Receivable

      
      

 Net - Schedule of Accounts Receivable

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net - Summary of Property

      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment
 Net - Summary of Property

      
      


      
      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment

      
      

 Plant &amp; Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      


      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001193125-18-064134-xbrl.zip

@+.N36*7XSSWWOWBHB5(9CT4
MJ24IQ[Y__?: I$1B

0!A()Z=.G
@$*?9ONGOZO?_COWV_F[WY5BY7T\7\






MWU.]TO2F];(%8GAU]Z![X;K&B]OGY




(F(E8TF.



2E 288WM(G$9E(U# @E_ W'$?\;&\


X6'QZ:2

;S^5
MRSMGN8[L($C076%DP(/HA.FR!S3&:YJP%KUTZ:
9]L(^L T^+

'*V518*W#;^4F=4(TV#G\V&YN^7
MZQ\?9A/@DXW;<W\WOH/A02L JR%OGR ^E]%P\DEN*$C-(6#QH 1_%(:;0^=

M#X\



MG;B6%-PN'_
1WK1]YV/.IA]

M=#]K1IG+%2NCC?O92('=SYQ33\+S*G[&62K(

M6&EKI%0\

E
MQ-3KS5Z:YCDCYSLHYD%C5@ZL[)\EYSM&A1


3BSR.2)1#@#Z(5129:;#B^/=93P?6%DE:#
FHP:46(5XGP*I)6@Z(9




K'@%

067*4$H9*)HBS9 FJ44%SI40IM 9MIV#'+IDQ\5^
^@A/Y4\KLF/%73LD[I

MKBU9DO
TH1SA5K0EL1ULQ0$5:Q@IJ




G#H6!

M&[A;*^
#M.WQ*8Q.


MRE4UC??_GMY^/7;&
!;L

^+]=$&QVETQI_S,:FW/2H&LC0E]2T)W<74N0M



-




%YG<8  R)=MF63D9G-%G^Y
M-QJPVIN3_


M..+22F0(QTCE)$LRS+
B
M:X@7/0;F*3T


\33%/-K$5






*!




QM;!OXC)?)KHPGS\U





!^*(/
MB6
NW8TG




D*
MN$JR'%A!I%9H;E
J71()_*GP+!%_.%$C 3%$#GGB\;320(LD7)UUF6ZG8_@9


MR?7B_I0^GLAX5$0%BG@:/A6

:YTHFD!

SD(*DEA=!9BJ@RP 62:1SRY!

Y!F
$!PMU$A\F(QCZ'[DFHW.^'T!JO0&


+8TYJ!
M#\5N(
LVCB.!F+G@C=AYM7_9JN84PBS1)6'24#



MOG/K858Z[#+'F5.1DB1-4*J)TU34B;$UR*96

CZ
Q++S
M*0T!-P;^0;!M#_HJL

MP'H'P$CJJX+2^MQH.;O?TCB=+Y85F-O3AOHTVLU7-^]M8WUK_V 4U5M\$H



M]+%LZ8Y4U@1X@P%W%/!1G
&5!

#4.C20LPGPSBJ80_6 [:FH/=


JQ*98+NZRJ=O:.ET_+)^U.SK<1DL($X<B?S1ACZX
M9ZOMJ:Z_ZLOZZ2WCZJ0-WQ1$''!V)#U-](_;H H[O5(VTW^$7=7CNEVP299P

M19& ;\8&6D!\B



TV1'FP

M




2E'VNO8:-
0A_


UNUEFN 6UV
:


V221*&

CA=715Y*C/JND=9)A!7

@89_29]*8 &&:*T2X[(&JHQ

A


MK0?)*9O8ZN^I%8M7[W'U@E?G#$UM (MKK(S[V0 *^V#YM=V%(0E1U?*1'&Y2

^P5H=43;\EZL/GQ)M3Z
MA6DKZ9R.0;05;S4X24
O10_::AB

'Z



QP =WK6V9\





M(?T^[!CR HCL93AJGS
 'O(
/(+67R
28;(NCD.5)Z4=?)%:4@B=I8@J8Q&W


M8+BT]!'7;;


M9:9?#

@7-




HL*



M 

(-)^SD98J#RU6? (3M%5V_
M@U^D7#$F^KJ%6(L;0+SY)2]/L'J%*GQAF9

&?P6VH
*@'KHJ.&*U$&^YL5ZZ6/4
5-C%&J=0

MZ4(EF'1 H[NW'[21V8'0
\&B
4T8*#.0I\(-.
F0X21%FN;2Z-P48$AM]FT%
ME5D$+
=B43S
!IU'6X2TKK!Z4;9(!&_&
MWBQMT^HH]H=&C=\:B0$GQAIIGQ[%O!$%O9HC1[C8\/W-TY+@ [8SJR]6I:3


O#VLV)_[1P(Z
!











M;
UOQXY
T
*EF'=B$Z:R QV7
AD9$
%J='_!;R
Y[12[@H#-RM_9;/&7&WXX
M



TCB+I$(R-^S@@


T!KX.7@Y-:B](P8C[

M

LT
^!-MXL6Q

P0?;5W?&;;%=M]-H
AM1OT2AZ/ 1JCW\L
MX4Z87JW+Z^W''?[%WI//C P/SS(57CG^681Z5?C3]5VY\61MI4!NR_G5\1'H






5^MYQY;'59+%W

M8DDA=)8BJ@RPA642Z=PR)!


M27 &9H;-


M2LO

O#
UKYO
H#<]JHH/Y954=JXRI2#]@-7]:1:)QV-5/]1+K]-
MK\KF+D#@M6_ERJ4KJY3#I\6F[ON@2QN@_]9[MT(@Z %?H:VF*;())J[6E^.
MC#6Z&AR#%4MHDK//O*7'G]0-B

M/HVX
_!)7.QMV'1/'$CA*DN



EA.@:[_P_;?)]^G=PQUPR&+UL!RH+B_+*)5:

A(=UOBS


:YH7;P0BK0U)

MD8)YHT2;_4.H%PC8_\ZMAUDI\

MFSFVX=IWRNOJ*HZ@Y@-U*G[UM;QV3VVZ#7=S39[SG
.ULUX!0@0ES91_G/SU
MFZO@F


#H2G_AZX--H.T& 1J#8P\-#?#OI&)K.
M9):!XO*1K!(ND/2LH!




YZIW5&


M
XX2AG-D;9X[F2V(H&TW@;_TZVBZ#E%QHP9'.8@V/*^?U@



)\[7$?JG/..HXPE=9XTW63$!MC3JXYM/=%K/=&/71+)T)




 ;=2

J4VS8U)

AZ


MO

H?84UN;Y?E



B'1FE(4U(GXEQ-.5[5LX7

M
$?3]8C)8[FDFQS_9?WTEG&M8PHJ-$'%/A21Y#21/VZ_

M8'S&..'?X=^::-+'2
WU<V8_Z]7%Y-5T[7O7.C




71BUMAUP^[W*#\OI
MJ1=QV_'XIZ-H)O

-&N265 L2A0HY3)'C F6\4(G1K/-Z804R_X^T7\2\I:3











M6QK 6QJI



UW1XRACA0ZJE





AR/!#[RO3^85G^


&@8:/NPT=91CL2
)1!R2'3 \\0]3A


MY']%#_E?6I_JO\O_4F'^SO\.*:7!A@I^

M_=5)K,^^=G]K*C0;NP.%U)VS7K.),EYQ@U2/$D19TFM '$4T'=G&V.$XHW



M9;?3Z\L:]=G0T?

!!7-Z%PN!/TM*;S#O





MP3(&XF34IL S//*

U-PT7&XWNCY
M=K):&?OLI4?[I+N?-:95);





RS_[KKA'Z:KKZ/F\99- $],?@1Y37\

?)[M2 UP'#3#'::20+3&S!%8!AA.
.G2)3N/L2K(BDR)WHVZWC

$;TEM1+&-'M
MKI-@G:Y3LQ%]



M1&SA&:[P$)I-.

YG.!2K\WD


UQ
M@C*;6ZF=:!K3T:7/L6[N1SX%A$

I:[7$&*M*4
*5;@/#
Z

;U#R2?2?
MBF!E/C]IZ+YB*X.&5S0=@9!D$C$F?!^H)D/3PUCGG!]M-1Z'G2W!G0Q%\L




1MTPBG5N&9$)2

M&

(7%_U9.TSPZF7&SM)
MX [4]@#$-Y4OQ;-
\%(*FRE#[WDR1
JJ!
ZH7J9^ZO90!J@0=M+DXZ$&NAQ!

WYAI




?@71LY/E\L?-8OG79'E]NH9Q

[FFN24=VR+\-:G1)!X L\W^


=Q=AV;$=7
M(CQ*1EA'$57B!Q!]GH5256(T

MU0#WS 8*L+T
[H
KO$E!AU,^)K9 @'F:^J=C


L^#
; 7 ?G8#T0WK;-=!4
MFH'SC(@L
]7Y45]VZB*(_^\Q-$P (3'KNBZ
MI]5.UP4Y@(


NR[K6 !:PB':
M2T*/A0/Z!2!LKL4#

5US8Q&L'H%(&RR<&^MQHN4
M+*-Z0TNTN0)UL%Z@9/4*55R_



D@M4O N%H(/9& YTF6E6OBEW< 7M]
JO+:3V97[+M/Y[?:A]U]FT]N-G##2A_FZX_P5?M'V]^!G)HBAZ<E

_
ZSQYV#K'5_XXET=Z#IAD)=P4%NJNYV+TQ^
MN%.!$_F^_O17.?M6_@;@?3U#[(_@6)HSG20)0817')L;E-J



MIY/9O]S



MHACT^/U-(_)XX_!*-*:!(S)E$W2B-V^7MEI'\+E[]7Q


+E
MHRN]W@#AZ$H

M4K4!U3D.

M-ZML
Z3

MR0/I=':JYO*VL)




MG3N-&



M

I0S

M$M2Y/W#W=ZY$8WY.^G\0 %IF57;2[Q-W+!C;Q1(K-P3@ZFKY /2
#)_PXG#1





KGQI+!XM0^X;C)_C$:EM

MGM 





M+%;IK BIO

M.DWG'Y)U=@D*1]+WU6/2UCF)D*%!*4IV1X4(:0SJ%T*8'8-(05TUDW&:)+-5
V1HTYMV<A).TA$ Z1RE\3?(&+*1:4//O2?KPN$YF_!
(]8?D]U5ROYF_

H\=.*( :85]$S#=*G%A
WG4L2\B'.([.
M

;#FGH53D
MJ?]TAP=AKJ&=


9!$EID6VYN+.

M1@&LA1+96[3P$\2F9B\'I=FVO!1 OQ++5Y[\RT;4T3)/G/UXMMY1WX+:(P

;1 :1--GT4Q\W%A:?%)(8&0-TLS3X 0).VEH.2

M%P8!

M1DT3  C-@##?-UF7#8:-:FWMM23@I2%11R_KD:A.B3B

R&6!RQUD UP@('T3N8'GH)#9+')Y&/BF
MM^4!\#J=7W






M'=?2#


MB%_DT$*^F)T4#B'$^5#/&


EUFUR63[LG$M$ZFQO-VT@D*8AZ+/7%-.O&6
M3M*XG!K/.Y@ORPRK*5!?3_
Q0]\CC(B\'E^8

\Y B%N*(.5'D1^9N&-JI
MOFS_P1N+U*

8Y]SC5N01@PD8:*/-]K-W!RS@
MGE'+V$#WMPIA2T$TC/*'74A'C+'P-U!Y#9!FB8^CD)(&F!/^PCTQ9:!8.V
M=


M]7


3![@:'2=11/A5IZ$49PNCZQMTD9

M0I

M\L/E$[*$&G0_^.N?4I$F%L]?+^Z7V5
Q!!O
QWC.IU* RA%?T^73\SQ9)WSV




!Q'G_

MV['V









MUK*B-:@I!^)S)275/:@O

V@B%4-0-K;X#806%7=%PDVS\4IQ[)7!B2
M1^;0'\4GMF4'9N9R(QP@%@4N


I8'Q


%LL]RI54
MBS31I:Y,J1X]50C #YV)X):4<<(SG\=R1&QQ&O__2C]!@0R^:V%3A(M*5%
M#'LN<@/L@JR.#,?$-J&<M06@6#7ZHD5,,P?D,FZ4'*




M^B++E^*ID(_Q^ER.T\*67 :#7AV



A


6I!!#9X=\E8D_E\TCUM7+RK 2


M[-KXI
ISM]%TVEC#(TMGK

F*

!YURS-OV L1W-KJ1)]

$#/U3#%56E['J%5S/86._\4I_,\H^ @_DQWZJ]



0&+
MN

MJ&



J?57/8:J=CA*Q?5B]LC [0)TP6AI0UJ-[.C3U C%[?UM
6IEZ%03
9G-4(YN*F2$,1CH7,U$RR)WPZ2-4V
M)V[H&!2X'X?P#_-]CCAVX#<:.=AT/-\GCBP#^ND.&W]4J!^$M#*B3S?^SE9
MB&IY44PV$_-D5^M

9JFC5L
MT
YMUB/YPX']-EW](\J29'LZ?76PC2:PR5!@-Y%?!EL8A
)*A 799*)=C]2



Q=G


M;8'E97#D^5C





(GHSBD.P(;-
M:]*#I






Q

$DYG4
M


MWP?+]O0I06V[HJ%!
@FL
# =Q 

6-JG:6+53H]*X^M%?/Z
M=@A]S_&I$R%&;?C'8@Y@[A#$3-\S(NYYAF.T2C$ GMJL3^!UT+E2;NU@#-WH
MJ
ISZ][2;2_F2-5=^!

GD(W

M2NU0_\3PJV&YJZ_GT#X16-) BM\(H
1S6Y
W^%5_21UI6UI#&\PB[ED7P[

MNOE)-!
\FJ

8$SV 'G<YLAUN1]8H8--
/)JA_)C@F&
M_MB!MN8;8A#0H\+!Q$S


-NV*

X):GR#/H&$0PC?9S.](
M$75=5FUYKJ2J
T23:SN[Y/I6K0L;7C_



M==/B*[8 E/^(+

_-CXIM
M[












M03+-$KBO6
VWR2PIG.AQ@JID;%J-6FF2J3-K3F+8G'0S2I0
)4HHSZGHGCO7

:

J79/:0]*JV^D=9G<-XE/K70D#;\MP&4]\FZ0+N*!=%;(\^(&2F37J
M$'^007

&^3YR(L-.-B
MFPKM7;_!..%1-Y1LPD:/TA




WB^E



]I9NGXY'!A




X
4YN

P3L6!Z


M$A\7F0D/VX%:LHAC2*M+KS&$.H! [&J
19^DRH99/0)RX@!UYKV(=CZO%SNC

?.6 M(7Q6M6O/HK/2
+&6




MVX_S].'$ NT^








 
07P;WB\CX [O]

@+G B!88T)YC:U:&M
M!]5&]AU!4PF+_212T8%(0+9KL7Y=VM435JO61@L)95(S
2-!ME2[;L*5T@AP
M3*





M3FN
3)G(W%M,TWEZ$*6M
MI2;P=9&N\6X=KS?K9?:R_SPXT .!8EE1:)#01X1S S&#18@3#K:!CXEO!QC[
MXFYMSEW-^B5;!U 09+-\D9TP&S%W9M#D 


M(YF+D

MZWI+_?KG)_N35XY2M
G+9BFA1Y:.M


M'T64#AS[.1B[#+CK8M'2!44/BP:*.G3579: P3_;1I8*G@+)D]LX8]!=2@ZI
M340_C;P*0KGL'38=6E



WK_(T\5?DME#,C1JQTHW9;RR%H(^F^+^=<: J2?8
M\S#!N:S(P&C%8*1#4Z7[7L\C+ 7



#HI::0;++2WR?
FFS[&

V.?NE(3!YY?W2



M3Z


2-C
Q2&$

MV@^Y-03CN;CAOBO[:

(
M!ZY+B86CR P_

M0+]H7X+ YL1V P

#M ZA[X=2.HVR.&7
MY.EYO751\NNNVQ5


(1:$ 7)#CR/']9CCV22T0OJ!MD3.#@7X<125#$0.$GTF_-/T

26K8

ME\$MJS6 6U.2
9N5#

RDCMD3

M2'
1:%)7#-8@XOS)
TTF3IY:S-?:
$4] OO)WR@.T
')ND_2]2:33CE\0[H;






M6C?WQNTCX;4/^'I=R#+_C
XHL)J


]#TCXIYG.$8.NKJ/%C68W2?R
M.O#H).KEQRN]E@0.QM)V$TM31R=OKX7

_S(

IQ@=G)'+$ZWWC_&BK WW^=X70MH/(L\.; -13R -

M7#XIDVPNLD!M6%U6L DSOV+02^X)0(
-NGP-3A'EKF^#C8DR+F6Q06SX;%



)!


M':7P'
D\_20\\/+(P.W N//4^@%\XF_7




MG!2M@$4WMW-&S0KZX=FHU)LNZZ*?1MQV.?&1X04V8L!9R T(1=PS0VXR(W)-
M0V1CMK3V146+Q 
 &N@98KKD :WPGVE+FP$3]XO\B04O


:DE_G:I


F%!P

.;8:V8X\*!]O KFL
P0^D57'8KCLJZ6!C1HUC
MA:06#K3:'; \::DVX'I4
/3'#K3=H;#8J
2D+?)6V!#LP 0[M(RPLT:-0W_\



_DCB[#S2+3-/(G :LB=\WZ8VL5 P4%G/! ])H(086QZONDPWR-602P1
1(V-BEB0'

N0ZI4':VJWKCZCNS

A4P-+U_#K75] $QKT\:B(QV^IB@(
4T'!0X
MCH
\7
7SG[/EYAD\D?E&S-!I
M_)Q

^&[1N

M$Q[5)H%='U^!UWY[#Q\L]]$#/T_$O18/(7Q@_3)NE-53V;%=%::]0=(3T+\M


 

MG :



M$(M[Z_



Y;I.D;7J8EKVY'A

M)EO

8#3/C
%QHLQ 1DX+T8@$3NC%$(+XL
M W
:FKQH#V&\F)CU&V3+M[*K[86[=BW]1C36H@V'B_U&

MW:.8Q7N5A=3IR/F-S.KMK:W!R0O5-$9



6.PK7PPF7IE/4#/=4+M-2C
M N














G
M-[L:T;L3R+]:4$\#


MM19AU=*=
\BN-

97,@DVV:XHA+RR.UQ)Y
MS=TFFS[%PH38IP(JUOMU:K 3R%:&[;F4OQ18D9:G


_)+.'I%?1W#]_*^MJC])P6@!HVU9!^BF=)0NP:=,%
MW%&N25\6*3/MKGB=+H)83(<PU/,1:NU=3B!9![.\#Z/2I#TOS*FK:'1GS9L


^*MYBOWO2_7$
MZF
VYI@]Q=XQ4WN*V*RF(9WI*;9]_+?DLWQG&
EU-DA*PX1:M#827H?
.C!O


+3UK!3/<R)_
MB

M'9YFFV3V)HT_IO-TG8JCD=5TOEQMLN0] .#-3XG0JI:14R^*
/81
4V&F$E-
MY

=W3\!_
MZ0*ME\\_&
_K'R?%WQ^7Z_7R*7_I'AX7K=+_37[ ^[_OXZ=T_O+#^_0I64U^
M2SY/WBZ?XL5W^V_X*'[];;E.)IC]:_ST_.


M_3

@^S^^ ^83?S_'
ML]GV[\_I;/WX']_9UK]\-_FXS&9))E\NGLF[?1N$;Y%_^^8-OWL7_K#]I17R








=?&FGP







M9^J1

M)*UDN]I4H#8:6HA]O5C'BX=4;-W3IH)HDAM&$78#UE^)P2$@MY%%N(.(3;

5V*(6;(+I/WZ3\7
MG#'/Y\QSD&\R$S$OI(C;EH-L^$A$.'$BZAV1RX3B7M.!C] 1615;L%2F^27
M3?3FJ\D&=OCD



Y.8WD:%FZRY7




2/@H?S^0EK_:?7V:K Y+?/P+K) N9]@F[$7AO
MDH@%36%;PX




M




^5U9S(N-^; 7O'DMAQ!
XB5X#&'A
46#=^]*_K]A/_?C?BV+'YU:*V4/[6[IO+9$%3'Y)U@GX?55OUY

C[_5#
7?;_[SIOZ$''1N?DB;H_ZJ!/ODU^1+.EW**]\N7V!S
M^AFPZT0V4MR:7A5WOJORU^3,\7AZO_;*'@Z;T(C^7K]F&:S7! )IARQ]N?





%P])[B. TIL\

5;8@EW!'=!JDO!R@4C_0C.
#_ '/$V<O^;9*_*[?Z









]T)WE;%
MU[(E]C7V5E
?CEUH8JO:_A 2/102_9P
DO$LBD8OBPY)HO%D?W\=O/\%I(1#

M%0F
L3( \/O6^ZJR^./#1I/'#QET\?TSS#8,BNV(81AL3!/O*P@Q%C)D:.86!$
M6$2YS;'K8NOYRQ&/:%+=L:F^W-KT1A[!ZU.3O3P.6?BEU3\<GCP?_4\M'2
MW4..)1'M=C'AFX?-:KWG?HRW)ZL'J=J3N)A<=)C8\/TD%N?MHM7[JU*F;Y'8
M])PMQ71*F52Y]O*O(YID5'1DOG[-_'5BNR@$JJ'J0PWLOUX*LI)1%+.=DBQ

M'+T6*$3:Q&R?VO8*R)_NA93
YUY



&I




ME.


MA



A*BBKY#E4V+Z,PSS+:E3& ^*3N9EEDI
M:7+<ZAR$IXU-\@X!3#GMN$AV2-S#2$P2B3X5WC3-[<.1U=I-VR_YRL$)!)S
MYVT

5)D5]KPP^[#;

3+ /[%^ZG V[_&



M[E5G1-#2BCUP':CE2/HX]HJP0=[^25N6T9@AHG. NG%(#
.%K1ZI@P3S


*#MJUED_IG,N9%*92_& [6[G3?JDU-E*2/


R
%$:PTF

J*

M4BHYB

X^U2FJT6?H(
//\ZO3^N6WP1  3]J;:UXW@46/@WK@UK%G_6(&/(E8QULC$H0?D@VG

NITKQE-%P@^4B#)L4*^KP74?/
MF^\HYHZV6KFCEW/&'2IKC!WE(.3

M#^\1
J_S4<NR?']O!EOK)
2
S3?
M:7EBE1-!69YO&=
A







D@:-
O 52@$.Y;:XXI%W.0E@@9
M9P&^^'4*#LPIL'T]

5#TB CU6D[1T3

MZV]V8;2@6=.&&X9
MSNGT475



Q
M543IY^UM);NYDWL;[18T1\;.+U&4U7P1%B.DKN-D]PR)ZN7P'FX=TJF\UM
M]Y&A&O&HT
B-ZEE(? AD8/4-
NDBLH70!.0:!YX?@#H
4%^BW67QW&R@\S0
M4$4& \)BG8_/_EZ@1!0FMA P2LH4$R94*'R6+0 @+E\Z+_!M7'=4@O+2
:8



MTE46P)?N-+@'C[Q2S+F3!/5=


[SSV_(S

/'9RJJX,H&[W312+@7O55ETR;C=P<3M4NWZ7SLN5QA$K%X'
MAKEG.=B1R1:]JG@OD.2\6H^-W1O'CMCW C$TY#;54T6[DW161GJ/^Q@=?

9
MMNLP!
H2XUXC1 D$_H_WUN' 3K.H4Y9PMS3K=$B#9FOJ%3
)R-
' 'P
KP$YH.B3CA:83<?P-3SB67/W]W


8V5Y&MWCC*1KJK+'OF

;%@W2L.:][\&#E:)/*12EU$$]U'

MJ\+VR.'W6\9R9I'6JBB6C
\8_*
M]%P$K




W@VR$S5O\7NMWQVPYYD

=^0A4VPG&SU^ALR2:K!O:5!3QC


M5^PA.+'=\:\_%%7]QXI;SN
SW._\\&-(9[PHM.$9W]GT]R/FVC^_G7::K4X=
M_J-W=:W^+TTS])^75Z.?S4[KIZ'!ET93^ZD=J1
VMF:F[?]^5&\?J=;D]R-K
M\K/?[[5[6N]GM]


-I]K*LQ$(!2E
Q 
MX:IO\-?X
4+9]K!GH.WU

_Z8_:_6&GV=0!6NWH#Z2P(/#KGQ&?F&*^

S2

G#7KK<&H5^]I@W;]=&CT.KUNI]5O
MG3S%YS/3N[&<.FCMCSH%Z<477)9^)%;/C5UW_H?^ZC'GZ?FS+(?/V8X*\OC
MB DBF7 L!@G:[!Y8FF=@I4A&NN6@^7L'UOOMUEIX0(CKC:!X6Y!=F/JFW!

MZ3#;)\PAXF?KF5&KN*O&1:M4^&C4!RH!Y9-


[%)YCSXXHZ?KC-^J8 J Z



9A;?
MILB==/4- \SSNS




YI'4\'!#%'Q+EY$.^LO 1- 
X
'\Q


<W(Y^WJY<CFWR=];BV6N0<C_ C?8


M GN\][H'.Q&7OLMPXJ:'(=&#6NU&?[-GY65DA4_+ )3_S-=ENLJS6/^-6&PM



D44.A[AO9
MQ\64&^W&DWI?%64!T7+JZKS8-/8<Q[<8\E8U&BMZCQI:**A1:EXLHK]Z5-V

MK(G ^P$5%G9.IO5
*-6=GI4H=L-6JK  ?6D!+]GW67)KF;CU!^-\N;C^+S70

M'-&LVV




M?K*'\:T)V%&Q&SK6L






TI3(_
_97:I

MBU!/TLBHF(BH







MC
8YD%:0SQ?X9PK5H4J _?2+!8J8)XLN&K4%CGM6^\GX%A_?BD(;N2H@-N$_


Q'*/]2^N!60I$6[2XGV(6SOR\_T.OQG
^1)%C A3#32<6*!&/
=TQG\%Q9\G5Z9#P/1PAX#^E?N%]<1O9)!W-Y@3VY8=+C!J#:\.2T

S?2D

Z&X
7GHJ3A^] O%-NH+QMB]5.
M$8J;_5Y.A]77P\N336S/';&52M[$UBCL^]MJK=/$=FTXEYK8NLXE6INC4/L

M 4$?E##!\3C&S?#3X.OP//X\^O0! ZAXN^LPX5NB34AN)R\#45;F/197+I$)



!%CXH3'?M)??K/-!!+/ S8[(#0-%Q[&MQ[3**'C23LZ


O[




M@%Q205)!4D%2H3Q4.*C0P\%E










M\KS V@JQ-6*!:=F^.KAV%\&KT%(HF$ZOT=F-?D$[61VZL[GK !_XV[HI2UY*





Q#XEM/<J@O=(1D:&PXS& <+T[-

M

MUJ& N85DJG)






-!/M+8^TDZ

G;3K[3, LG4VZM=[NM:$CV?]D3%H]CJ=)LG

M-^-S_1+6GBW&&B F4!'%/8.O(Q6XS7R\#9?4*9XT^(-AS YL!U%I:/J^.[;
M%
(!9\$M:5-XWF(*+$[; 
%P%YXZ]]S)8ASXMI2XR1\#?7RUIK/\5KL*GX+
M_V?C!_X2VPJ'%#H!\!

ML0




MZ
$Z;WBESVYHX-
$S
MCU@0;\ O<5OZBQFL'^-3MZ[/E!@2)% 213Y8H[DFGH#6]\S;0+&G
PLQ_(!

[78#$RV(733L?R$#@8ZG[

M7#J?@S+@+M
MT@$EFR:6V89((5U#'\=
/H*B!A3-O&4L@AQR@OTCNDGB;

M#FI6KP].P+PZT[5NJ]
_ZVC=TY?7K
A\:Z^#[Y<GGW]_F^\U&'B?3]$9 ;P_TD%W_OK]X^J=W-]K-7@
MOQ_55[]YR+QAJ_?O_T)S_JH&A0=^OJ#_[D\T_?B].H*7/IH


MZY%TF7J%






M?+.MW]@LQ:B

M%[
[_.BZ1


G
M=;YDO4IH_)U$@\L&I%;Z#

^RYV_'A7]<13,\)=6

6E-ORK+!E9UW)'I6
I#1ZQY\[@5@P6B+
SD% 6=/[






M


MNB0MRK

MMEG)#*L77%AUK%Q)#4D-20U)#4F-
BQ
4J-


M@G;UGXO$


MX-LE/!N6: 
HN C\P'01?-6]N/ ;\S]2Y9SEC
8]5\IZKU_QG9H*6WW.QH%UQ^S'QLL(:F+3M-N]U6Y<4RZ_OLC5#7SO^ENZ

7SV^O[7&MW##V%Y,6,YD
M;FJUF+[[0YP%:SDJ,^%^$(0!O,6!Y:A3$?J(S


:K#1J@
LTAX5N*P3 YY




M\VU1$S?P?1;43TR?3=0+QA-8SLRQ95O!(_'$[5QA\L;G;TZVC]WU'^;WO@6
MWFM5U/OF4J''W0R'[BJJ8[A;RM0S1N/
3SQ5^^MX%;]Y[=_N]Z-Z2CJ\!9X

YD.$4<A;

%'?&8;6:.8QJY)*

M+YP%ZHSXEAK?'S4U
'_A.U%NPX8CRGQ\5VKDY=R ^S60AB#F
J86)C\V
MFXUN3BKB$\CAH-PSW%T
]R%L*O
&Y-ETRC






MC.M
8-DGP

/9XP2U%! [U(*8%H4(1NPT\_@4CC<M [%B8E6@Y=W-ZR';<OWG XG&
MS+JCI$4$%)@6'H6




M)1]S^24SYK(M0Q^'$_KX*D(?L90SC(2?9?G^ F30NVZ^&A7B!)E&$7P$8A3T




%\O6A%@7:9SVUK3(K0-N^%

M2 ?!C\B]OP5CX;'NWCOHT$4R^S'7X
)7K= 6JF+)3MO61W$H@ BE?84):6

M=;H L







M.XW:!I*G8N1?3=G#WH+%00&Y P[(\-6UQHHPNBX-WX
R?'E6*DK$)B75JL?@
M7\^89S_)_6'&=80#. [:VS6R!K](QDI;#G

%V!R 2

\M*Y8N
M^8&[Y)W&BJ


G5
K3
M'O=*AUO9[
QI2S=;%B942_#)PH2#*DQH%33\V?Y44=OAJ2+-17KNF:(FSQ3W




M
&RMS16\0!K+?!

Y

;VR


M$H3AV=B

M[D+BE&_*
Q1NF5

*:LHT7E9*6JX
M#.+]7;.;DR+64
^G9#KYV*

1

U;4)8&+M342=CBOF@  /8O


MD9=PW(COI=$+@!%1]N
(.4Q#$+.)SRX ??,6U.[J:Z8GI69X6 &_)@&AX1
M/LM#B\!8^ BN+-(::SWT*$5*O%#A*078JB6!YBW45N@[P0-X55+?K:GNE.*Q



MXC/78]8-WH%EI8^GHH7I=Y80_K+%Q=_C9*MWQ8Q_2+$U/76DXC9 MH\_69


M1?QU168A HS^DPC(!VAM+&0D+OV(1:Z8*PKFW=OBI5=/BTSUH7P41=
N_.



MN @QP2
MBNI9_J^HS;3PJ)]$Z#5VIOY[8?%#WUOKYC:





.VV]!-Z*
 #C0YS6



.F8**%G

UD)S]&E'SB




Z



MA3R[HC:PM*RPO/4&CW


=_CJ


I 0ZY.9%

'SW(X@-1Q91'P


=D+:)()8^:4_A02^KEHF
I:DL



/\!Y^GAH9Q1$BBW:?






MZZ77$=N''HVG]WB
%N44[22PE&9S'K@%\\]=_B3*3MD&1PTZIT;/EHDBF:N
MR[8@%^MQ?D2*3T7:!H@7;H+-,;H6B P.C+6(4(7(5F.+B@YX07URN55)F











M!.WIEJ(RK

M#@YC

ML NNS%_
\]1




MM)1?4R\U005
W


?)MU+/KG)]SHFO:^*

MS6.S:6QY;A.SYZE[R:!] 9O2 K)OS4^+2V=QTEP
S'SSHW1/D8D85F3.3.\F
MD10G1B*NS(5_*H$M
T0J_89P7+7/
RW?M?-R.JG(YUT_)_
NG1X7]41*YO=A


!X^_/C

MA^=IL@5@W)(DW0 I^:F6B/E3$!ZQLVY+M


H-$GW J$LKCA?E
MW5[Y@-%X=(*?L!
V
TE24Q1X)RX_[#*G%
YVJ)2/K-?TEM'0GN\FRY#_DUP;


Z$E_T&2O9Q28#
BT^87G1GS.@5S



M+5JRWT2+9'40SCH48RR KL#A8U?][+F+N?JE\7^-&MPU6@1@)
\7U\ 
V&!X
M3LW



.\L4

%^PUJJB#&6RHL5E3_W)HG.J_8!--0'ZG7O-7XU^-Y=?\FSU88S=Z

MJ8\T2ITQ&C2B?7B(5$JV%\W^.8I#T)48'(HUIV[Q Y0SXH
8= BHP\;'%MSL

M474);2QW 73C8T
NF7='H[ 0A]P@KZE7S.0PG#[P)L&7KBU&Q #DV)@;69#=
M\.EO]
R!-;- 3(#R!O%F\M $;& E
0\E)7/33Z$)\_@^YKZ&;G,0G0YYQA
M0K

4O%0S:71V/R$@^T
MDT' X\'3AW :;BXCB
G!49@H

.MU'C T

<VQ


ML6 M2#S8.I
%CATT#/4X:Z#0M\1.&6N37M


&= -./IO%



ME&.=X
33X8QS

M]E2
[(%KZ

5XY
MZ*8MQ]QHWG OEBBM3T



M&S
V(1]BP6/LP.=YHXZ.2?\D=1X1KH7\6B
Z&M']2J ;VU230SRZ/P?&ZW
M!WP[#2^^]RP
)2%D8%-$GN0[/6==-&P+H)@RNA( FS(F!EDZ#A


M=MIK







ML_OR@$IUO;V%+#
'Y7JE_MZ3_*4=A.6UAM9\.05=T;B\UFAMJ[8J%9?'YB
[
M@/.@]+-
=TH^
XHC



+87$S91U*GGSM3@E@Z1YXN 8DN8.2C.C55G:0SX


M WO:]2;

M0_!VN-EBKS7@7NO1$LZ!^8'CX0M=R_)TRJ4X$SO_/\STU%-G(A)-MO0LRD.5





MR5].'_!//-YS GC^=S;]_8BY]L]OIYUFJU.'_^A=7:O_2]


MB2%4W6AJ/X&3)FP



1&.P9G].G

A:UI(3&Z^+*__LW
*ET1&&
P$M1NS(P!J2YYSZRL3 I@B7IY

&6 U2_WVI=

0-[@);C
M=L2*&?B:9O RGYN0M0H!VL:.$*P#\5NJZM;4HXKE/_)P3U-+7$66AD4.1&

J.=9XJD!

F@S3L

MA;^#(4Q(N^(K#.[


0EZ



M\=2ZSRYD)*PKL1

744C$IB%P?O7M

M=E54





2




M6S+T

!(!EI(PD2!Y
)


IX'6BS
X3V

M




MX






MO K@E4K@2-$8\V8Y$BR\



%&3ZN\-DYEF&L
M1##UE;X 5G.LPC;W\EAIUWM43OQ1')\;S4T=GBJ=4'4;QJ8%B*2TV:&N:VJM


MIFE5N&SX1&ZWFA5PD]_[1%Z%3:Y&0J-3JW?WKP9M#Q#/T[=)K$@L2Q(+%0

MXDDJ

JY=

M;X
AH#%MH*SYG.74888Z0(\]$07A2[$!$GV 41[CRP7
=7$32P%ER\;\X
M58#I1IZ

$_1.:
M-J#+P?\ 




%6%&6[XEO

#4M#RA %!BBZ4%=V9 K);A464])A6XZC1:
MBSN+Y;6BQGA(B^!B
OVT?
_IEPE?;56\].'M&+B7V Y15.DKP
M3!P^F-_&7


A3 61TU(Y3[
MD4UPXP)4B+\F%G!
X
)/(151Q,.9IS 4 E_!Q(D.C[_)[2)_6;#?S*^98O

M$:N(:

)S'!?BJ%CAE
)A9N


MX:C2A I'#$XQ3Q:#?X^!G(&JH\6
@0(]
E9)QFOOD5$

M4[Q!OC
P+F=@AL#*(O-XZ




*=T(^3PH0 GNJ:?MNS$)ZLU7KM33B
MTKJ@N 4:?ZE=JZ0




M?S$\4V239!4#T(Q@RF7A1)6KZB-0D5G0)$_$(UZ@F_%O=#..!XI+Z'%=RRJQ
M=Q9BF



MB84R+$IBH0R+VJ]34QT79L!/SZ1/LD

O7<






M#K&\22![R;6MM*1V8U9V*QINZAIO/5M;M;1OM_HE3V*M0W37BM[J:C-,8B9
M1=)OJ8PTVKM+N6BI*U6AD5)+)1A41(+95C4?OV6*I^OR/L/NS=HC:.X_]!M

MBEG;1U$1XCC*J.M&PY%ZRHCH?9^(E'*1;VU9-G[ADNY*(F%,BQ*8J$,B]JO
M8U+E!$NY0;_?#X%5:


M[\!5[^%;Z=B4P$PT:M5(9-WP9I;1









MZ?SJV[?D\^C3!]6WL(TZ?&ASPL0G%/6?$$3FU((MP!I@H/08D?3C DR=1S/.
M$9:IL=40:--3ULN'1.:!E-)'=
M]_+[



0!
M[S

ZOX '$/'
M%XH:^GS?&6K)$DLC(^
6VF#Z'M?B ,%%NB0TV<B)J\^ ](&H+95]BTR9L#(D!(RW*%B6M
M20I*%S:*QT?6/;.?)LK5+1JU+K-=JVM=2)^\MB

M%AU/_! X@#)@.T+4MI,CPG?^SPHT]#TX$90/#?1*
C$YK95?@!4IUXP^7@



M-\?FW +EP T2OL
QO 8TXX'V!_E0%W
HJ0']&(&+:&:/PLEV0R\2D;#*$1




C@X
#C$-(].KHZ2\5-&5U=\]KS7@):#T3$:[0+;

1! X)-!0!G!1XM#+B-$4=






M9=DSI](@2]\G04K?VO/RZOS^M7WP9#6&DJ#6/HUN?F^?M&9_'[]3_2ZN
^

317(




^+U!4]Q
Q;6NDP;IN$Z=






M*.H '^

?K1GLP'Y2\


M@T-9M#CJ2ZT
2US9\:U[QH
OW











M?KQ\@R&_ZO%-Q575I1.8#F\:QHV_P])'& L[^GA@3ZN@5@I+OI*@3[LL)S





+Y

M/X#'O[/IKR?












G
MDY\)CE7GP(78-
8

&#,$8,HU.^(VHVA&#4#FG^6H$O%WCL-
M=396/BZ::
;A
]8SCQ$+]-''P@V*-[)0
ZCK;B8JX^-PFY
'YU8[&
6W'F

U@0%I&B.V?IHKJ
MWOC


-XGR8$6-# ^R)CHEK*7
M/IW8M-N8I+6#IS4C36M?%^0NU6I64$$ZZC\Y2A0Q2R!)&BI9BEY3_7!\A\HV
M\XYM.J#$+=-+Z+4?'^YF

[<B6N[MQ:R*BXJ

B&UG5F0

MDV&/8BS.C[@&(]\2(AF?IXZ=#U9PQ]OZ_3X8?-NWM?TUL_EEH/*8Z$V:5U5&
M!ER-A9\SP$0X$IP2[Z?(5T']E-65Q6I/6:WW&N1)+')M&M7I 5:T4%VG@RKX
MOS#.TPL+SI74]]ULX8LT=J#4ZY$]2N14A98X&KSO[6([4=A$
N
CB86@[P

M@[AK#'\E+9N5?

FLV^T:FB_F6#41A]:2:A49V7Y&-U6F]N/5P<S^MA^6T6YMV23K<

[?8+V?!B
WUAJ9%[7BC]*ELN:*#NDY
M%;3E)/_2@T&OO5F;X9T3Z1J]P-6LOE +[8GGP?J),_O'N


M8U&4

HIEZG37Z



M'L/6ZKH:-:W];
/GLOGN.XWNYL([95^K0
+25B;W+JP&^SI\\<<K29GF;!
&_YQIK\XDZQ<)TH3



$&T4

M;(Y78P36XA





<^&SWB@;S(M$2])#5%0=6LS'C6L8Z:VBRI.Q7HZ];?6*B\F<



M

NQ!!9=MDO]&KG)RMCE0=3/X._8#*A-R4@57T@F76''E












&P(
M_E:QL87-GH.*#R0&4LT'F0K5U2@'



M%0R\IXC6D6EZC(V0I=00$4-#R=@

$=Y8W
M!U=_9OAR;0



MAEL!93T'KP%^-.V
B





J@%RWB<%=G24M##EXR4; H&2^! PD&UQ=]=4
MG1!- %I$Q%S/+B9.?;<Q/IUG0F/WM241)IQIP7;@R\*-A?U3)J/']S0CDQF


M5/]CU/J@Z0N(89[QYXEFK[K,(,+(%+X A-2



MBS%ML&1%XH]OM$
0Z
[H?4()


@0:IMA[)M85



M



R\Y;)0
M624

XJ#&G$6K5I) 2I-/P@OH?F*N#
^9H#7T&F9HM3E_3QMU[FMXU0J!H C
B.BJ+1=<0
VIOID
M
9NL



M1Z;O.@0_CQIK(X4G
$U-5@KO-6W]YRRC5(0A9H2



M#)C

1UCT(]5H\(=G3T*+$$CY Z4



-

M_7I/UYKP\:(_
@;-7J?3_*'_
$X($C2YY;LM0^_^^/-J=/*;KAO=+B52I_::

W3PM1


0K.\&I1[(CK:#)K#G/\I[
M*T:OP(\E.W$




M\\@R4#=(*;2!Q&KQ4H.267#JD!A=3@I(1)O(QE4( ?EYA._-SXWQ*6:)G

M'C0NDFSCF'@6AG*]'+-F)1IEU#\I*?+FMC8Y];0*FYD$D.SDT445ZY%NF2!9

G2\4:7JCM2BJ\&+6$J:-F#JZK;54!+S3
MFZV&OG+L/ LO#+Y

M

#I*I7 5.!%L)
=J#!]MH


(Q=IIA'R+\LGNBF!XV:&12_


M
+X+!!XD/A_&]1*CD)A8$1X_95(E2=!(GZDX4)0X[ F/)3KF(YWI6?Y/'L&\
ML]A]I)J2I/1HZ;YYSSDR 5]$_+B&-S]4?++6CR]Y-GJ/+MO 4V11)D31@1

M3[RJ1+?






P^
PFL QIGMCG]N+7UFV.\T^ZUVM]X?


MY?A


M@G?#*XZ5


MP]6H1C!RTZ.8]DX*JQZ^X2ISEJ1 *0622KNPZABO$AN?-BR6^I@U'.//!U(:

M








YQ5I1#MZ B^QOW='@=BU7\NL+17V63N@/+DIDD%9:&QB=[M&[3$:_

D=&W6E']LO%?KDMV<2Z= QYZ02F<VOAO;%4/OE!



-8V&$=58

654O'#^_TQO-_


M#.Y


C6B;6/VJH%T!Z\8RQ


!#9NS J]\%![
Q-;B6@* #3




M%;:-FYA[L$$PPU!7P2(F#*PW

\

RKV3%? .$\(Z]-SP?@ 'Y30$%P\]W0C[%G;1F[Q,%
M;4 JL G&?VBG?H J^_E)6VV\^K8P*1

J40

)#QK*CGFO7%.%'BL TC
Q1J.;Q\@QA*6G*

69SP3V:!


MN BE=9!W&8?C)FIT@D7+2-:YL$S@S6A2)9J2UB=.G7&YSC/]WI*HHD+/QEL3




C
M#(VZ1Q#2#\R^)Z\PN)

5(
M*[XL6'@C]7@)HW-0DFQ XL
96[:5R?A-)8V#B&$\.2I)?Z P6Y@FH&RF-EY5

HP)ZX' K(^3SX=@5CPQ)M@ %;
MAM@E^%D?'3N&J3IFMNW/S3&PVJ\G&O\\QVQY\9GF^O6DUWH?7SM'IYQY)^H-
M);7A4^DKXIDKN.+M3O?]NO? XPF7OK&5KX]IVN?O\/=V7#!CTRH^+[F&+G8E




J7BL9!;IZ@L.=:/7%IK &NK\NITH@:*






;53

MC$& !DI-;_^95853@(4+Y  6)[P61Q9&9EY5V9FMK^_L?]\
;^G6\1VWL+[:2EQ+D1IM<8C11L-9*W7




.!J+Z

M:])7/FO
O8MA=AG)XHXD)=RB4L 0A:XB;I;

M9U9
DUP;)_NY 68&QZB7@\_ENC \H7;/TL/L]95=+B:]&Y#QN
??CT4^NR



M&![$'-WDH*#(HWRI.[OP!P7QL54HZE*&!!G!Y.O4Z3E

7
MNZX?9H\




M=YE[AM.R


XTN4%:'HIW=.U\

M8GH+KM#*9)8H]Z%M@6(RF+6%+P).]


E+Q^YK(H$O) B=G(*
R$;368
63MSQWNTU^92.G
1Y#'E F




MF\+00\LDA[89.;+0VH0D\ 5(/G2UP#XU3DV*S(23K#4VHT42GW=2;CVN:FZ9
MI@$B]IB:^1K1
B?-P:F9-&FG2)$=T



M/.S*'56IP\=Q=ZCUZIU6B^Z'3'&I*NG%#YMAM8FPO$&3LC?]-_C?S.0]K1YM


M#+8)F(Q88K
0)9F99:IR7=NP)C

W


M%1NLFP!Z/8))Y77Z*;R9#+@RW57_JO$-Z34*ET




MP?#M32;+^9)VBJ'?!?52O3GVVF/-VLZ)(-_(6:V_X'?![WEJ6)&.6PTHA-&#
M-7&#_)-RQ[]





8XW^-X8B7$2HB5



M

P?#*'PIOU9L5

TD


MB?S+!^6#-&FN=G4\-ZCZ[WWB?Z: _O)!54)08]9K1K G;L;RAS0^AB8S
M1G)\RQM#
H%MN_W4XTM*LNC8XP1K1E^S$DJZPY9/0[/EKQG(FF*HDKZY)^E
MX1I8?+9LQK]@0UFOMR1A2(
HVJ1:%24]:/!J








MPV=*WKPCW1







V+ 
]YE
I2?;
MGE9GS%'='_Y5XOVR;ZHGEW--0N%D*QSBZN#Q&!Z95V




M^O\;74EJ^


/I_'^3K
M;\/1MX
SDEZ](2C:;\2!W-O$]OU+J0I\8@S-RRXP+;P

=^W6]YN+[WX[7/B/=O3
M\EV)(MX$EA2IO$?Y-T:;L


MF0









MB&N:/[]'&HIJ%/G-

M:BMVWIJT5\SF34_MX:^.]#.#I%CIO1
01%VA1Z[9O=U$;N8V78W1;N.Z'D[K

K
NZQZ+!TF?V&DWMO9CJ!E*TE-YJH]E-


T)T*G!&#L@'

1^


M6#&PU


M.



M_J)\5

M]:

MGXW)




I

/&X7Z5;NOD&


J$!&O
\./;H+_K@TI=
;02X!F+0I$:NNP0SA+UOP@T]

Y)EH @#=0Q.E
M)P]AX=\VBXJ!
.=/0KL)6*V6O-'V\U_LN33TH_/'7:#U@Q8/.T)&PPL8B&'6
M





18;(--*YG!
T'%OA'=






/1IC#=K!O

M;A@BJVNBNNPL0F3_L[1(
CR66EZ&T2606C3[:)J\0 9U]X3QC\GXAX49?*;C
MUO8S
8

MO\%=+O#!] L @DQT.AMVQ*






MG:8GZ(SY8:Y@D2YY3*.V3U CW:E.#6H(!7-&%@]ND[AM$9RCH-^T$X9'_%=9



M5JSZ9:8;&LVER3R*/I'GX+JH9YQ:XNN2Q(Q*\U6/HN)!6SX)9H+]+:?*PV




G9'4&*=M)4\@3


KW4&RXY6-=/'1IX:Y'HQ547FQG)^*=WS G=J-M22EBJW[7T3


M%G3R-


(

MZ5CN%C6*N
K CD[^9^%#J@*/^/123=P5BRZO J^VBNE6VA&!99*U/P)K[H
X 6#)3^N^C_VHPL&*SB=G_W<(\-ON!U\$OXU?#+

MP-



-D
)''E OJ.929 <K*&;X_&Q#:MM92/TVEZ]K6QA

)
M;)T+J?DS1_PF/PDKZIEC'CW$QL\Y6^0U;.ODRT=_- SKGLXM'[\PVG\81BL\
M$'0L7%^+]AJ 6S?E LNVY.#.^/YR#/=O //:8V7<_/^R\0\
X9 $%L3.EKE




M

;5JJ?K
 1JW%/#*C#8O5!BW@_?FKQ




6@.O#K166CL:)%:,,[=B3DOGQZX/P9IY6
MHGUM,2+IE][;R8(!]B?9
K)SBSR6)-5FG3%UL*!A6# SID:U! $H&=XU ;
MABVBOQZUC?@NH@H.'Y-;S5+EFF)IW)0F\5*'
)1U]^(=S/#W%X^R2QET!^U


7
:+WV4!N

U.)E$;6]!T#SJLTIH]
MUG\6S]$. ]_I\


M.K






M
P-6](D68F/)7^FOG#)ATU+_%N=CRO%@6'%?U2=QW8IO[N[?5%^

V6&U_#Z_O9K[R]LN(O5TTD'IM %T?OJP^VY99
]
MF
DNJQF$;7S:PTG
KZ


M#-IK:HINY++**TZK5DU

.W4[IY54&T3G-HZQ;=RBA9_


B?85?NJ$H=/HZ[0ZU7[[1:B&VFGF;KND[_9-\RQ-H-[

M.A/FI&M;SUQ;5543^*Y!(A79![LWH?VSP_$G/=;6\Z0H:YD61C
IV-[%)([W

IMH1=XO!-EW:6




M(\.:- - ;;^!_FQ)6Q;B&&I8/CXE;&K

Q0Z&%\&@
MSO0,V\E)MN]BDH'W#1].31PC!$.<#HMQID+7Z\GFT^O06)S4YI'#=P\2S8;


M'_B*1=D_:9=*F.3CM:G!1$YLS/YN7W9 A#8AC?#_3XW+]LI3O]!1TXG+FGX]



$)QC/I


&K2U
MI?L%R!P_H
^&9=*M5O.CUW/#=4$


M?+H@;6OK&:W[-\&W\#UYZYWTEKS[(2?T_SZBQ2_ZQJ




MG..)$!%K$1%4$64NN_2KFDDUB)RH$@*Q.@+Q$:9VN%F:;5MLKSP%&;9%N,7
MPH[T0@P),11/#^T:BF1#


M\1*GW\LM-
0YU^IFNBI:72-H5#016#5+:L2Z/SOQL8LG



M

V_/T^&/Z.E4Z4K.+T



M


A?K(98#;$:FPC GST=



#^C)=D2O)

!1!-H0+)6-F.!-E^.









MNVCOQSV?M)WW2*G:LRKGT@R[DP.:PDC8NPFM8^AF
;I&N]#V%)%05*8&=L$
M,#S/)+3)_I-N''T:V=[Z=U?G]6CZ5TC+,K.L%$.U=OZR-)%;+OC;#NU^!*X

M=7:. Y^U$21. HO5$*LA5J

M;Y-1O.%:;\1!Z2)Y3G&X_+(XN0 3'0F96%G,7K]-(./A;6QWG%9Z(YG3(R%
M;GFGDA/[#B2F-EUULNY(RF
#G&2IU(%7KOODE*AJ9VJT;DP.M:?Y#$EAWA+








MOQI3[YGC3K^?DHGMT.BS3%?D2C(LPS/P_N3OU
P


-D(?FAFG2GI?6%'^II_SBT4?Q
MLAY-4=MX<0W_:EU(0)D%F7C&S'?+K< C8]D8]TG=#
.I/23BO-QTH $^&G

PTZ!

M18 %FA53C1.[/DR&9Y-/]N$4]:^-RPX-R 0RE5^* L'(!9M.T7]VKG7E


M6%D%V!2P!^ +54ERN4]16N8U)!

MZ;P8$W+D$?6I128^A_RT%7=L=$C=?S0'

MS_@/R]_C1K'L(%B$7?UU*W4SE@[^(*XI:3N

ML*.E-%T2R;-!

0Z]AYW#-VD
EE(


MQD9-TC=)=6^2X=XAS'5$_WK'2;\[-\
_4]Q$X4PY6E1LM7576.?3[K.RCCHD


SEQ&)PF2H4C^$
M?1Y00==#T.AL:20LH HU&3B


M%5.A(A)830/_[$TFR_G2U#'
=N


L3VK29[^
MXT+2O;AD0;1\#DDL96-O1'=D8DUI:R%-\0%U.NS,7F6GO474H.[/.D-WO=(
MB4Y83


C




+(=PV'%_J\(BU=N
:SI2GQB#
W

M;V'*S')UQ8Y1%#BV':I\_B*Z(XVL*6$#&:I6#EC\=5I?()7:9SR^4H^.]'
(
M%OWZT'W(=[GA-









MO*F@.2

M;NGFFVNX*\UW:](TZA.Z@(PC&9XK#?O
=@M;\;J7]$V1Q]:DB4UUC./BN$RL
M+8
W3?DEAC5#*C#Y#$]]AIT@_;

QYM:^I*KX;W+
V1M( :
MP %_3IY9&2AQ/6-.A\0L]#=[Z=')O[
EKD)-PC

J!]
E!8 
M*5Z(

MTJ\F'B


%;I:.;V6X@;*1@Z

MK09W.7@E/W?BBL

G(];6BU%^T
M@C^75O%C&B7KSI&%,47 LHY(-/R+M;)H/_66)8SR43'L [
K_N&9KW!6+K


K%+W
MU3!-Z1&+?RW]2PR5F!.Z=U*_:
9\.T77OQ_$:##_IBX=CZY%F:/.N./O$(


GQUDT/ZDL#V&X@CR@\V[#



M=LJA*CL7UN6FQPZ&F[IS=5

I$2

&L%$@*@7N]H F
MMG_QD#P+HZ=;]NU?37N@'E2_LL_M4@D([1P$A+KS,:T2(=G8N0O'I@)')VI
M

-TGW\ 'P0 NKY&FK

U5E^T[ATJ$[@1=F


C7P%7
MA


MA1\:7U'E*01


S*\H(PM 174;.QJHO&[S2ACEY'R







M;V2.\*]

O

M./E@8QTZVGO#+C8A@7F\N0[;@/
.E=YY5(XSO I&4\%I&]ZZ6ZT%8*X43;AL
M\.Y49'?9
SN4FA1
[A9IW?







MSEKJG'N






M=2X1SC@J7^*(:/!-8@QT

MO1]=^7]L%[3B5/[E@_)!FA#37.A3'%H8?
;8?\S!?27#ZH2@AJSO#/:'$3


:

M VQH4^LI88_&Q@X C0







MV*'K):


/ FST /
M 
ZS 8 %VK#X7KYN\#Q89

M=5J]9F\D#[515VX


M3AK440


MC6(GJT3Q!+4DH)M1XL$7:B


M!R5'.JB



U?! A1@FU[
&(-P#T^)WQ[82PAOOC12
(Y






M5DV

M
 6KVA)1KJY-)$F63L+6E!G'77./4:A*N=0HU _AQ!%*X]J7A&AX,
EXYE



X
UHT+-5N+M$?$1CAP*2


M5@4J!?.CCG+YSMB)LZ9.LP*1H#V-B#S.5A8-R;





+8/0U<-T&C6A#_+Q<W2]X1+,?2(T1@
U[6Q
MYU\B0I

0L\:$&RBH=8F'C^:#G8@T'B$ILC3

MF7(TDK)E(0



$'M;*T8QU)\






1F61.Y?S8?O-S^YZ[M^_^Y?5R@2


:!5


?A7'/UYM7+V[

L$.S-F_=Y
+-/-R1BVQ9.0%M.3
 B;#
/O1(L!(E









I^7!J

'^4_7B-






=/I(/'Y:X#]MF3V]

Z?]Y8_/6F(\;V





B4K?EG*$R
M'V8V-BFQ C[\-#-5._@TLTVG:

C


;

7F0(JFUQF$/


M








DD4

M@6


M$)?8+8+  &@/M ?:

6F)/
X R/T<[
MX\M*G!R3CDR.C8AB(G\,72?63^NR96?YILM@O0&4H+NJX%0I!VFS:]VW#/E
M 



L];=[6WSOD=N
M


M&O%2GNB6F08




;
E^3F)7WHY$3&#8D1R(GBHT:7UKD



\'&)1K;N!$AW3(3_&UJC(7:'*K%Q^JZ$CO7);90Y45-+*_I




M'BI;

M%ZP+\4)

M6FG#536+;7





/#3A
C)3

MZ GE:ULF27MF8=0JJ*F%=P:H#W0'F@/M*\&[:$&%8.RTB=8E)I=
4:@A.[
MA^X!G^:14LH8-*E)HUL(FBIJ1
&! =H#[8'V0/MJT+Y2]:?#VH?;EAT&V(0&
M8H 2H(0&8F@@KF(MM92YCO+U)D #
21PP*&'8 IH#[0'V@/MJT/[2B5PH(&X




M
[%'KYKWP1:D









MF]GG]M?/Z.DCNMUU:+IHX'J(/!%]8-WS$79
;)ZAM2E.1

MHO_1G5#W/N92@)=GXU_?
#UHVR=OM&WWS5^9#[
WO:/
]:%+)M^*4D
\IJ*D



=WXY\T
4?FN;_A7Y 1:FR


%A^JXY=$


M

$UW

M@.


?@ _ !^ #:WRH5(*]H@W


 %


4ZZ2KBDU\4

MASIIJU(Q'
RDV*G%F'_!UM@U5M!K9-

Z7






0KMF][];9
\VW)LR\%S



/



&





MOJ'
-^H-I:MRU^UFDY.EELQI(J]P8EUMJVU!;?&-4\\WW'):W(R'


M\KRW
HX&S.FU

)&1$ N'\MV

2L7\Y%G4M

/





4&)3VR*#JZ[](?
M/Q!!@()60_T7BR RU#_H&?3AB%Q(
1S28^L)&9Y=U_3IDZ-?3&Q;K]C[H&#0


T+-VNG4ILMQT0
M3^16MWUW07@=$N90.M&=AH0! \LF#*!LOT1/'GZ+)


M3I:4ZV:ST9#4+K_+ @UU[]ERN

C'O?KAD+R+/
7?RNFS!5;K





M':ZA-$2NWFBKHMP6FFVME7Y_?43M_X8N

M!7])_O=Y F7_/[=S;[A[N/]!GG6%Q&BZ-VO\9\KC?:WG7Z_\S#97+_4B-S



MF[MY-S4 Y]1W#*^%UR;Z.LE4\[W4T$(Z@LW1\S

M











G-


*T7DIG4: D

3&F







ZS4I+JRT0R+IP^0
LIA*5.U4>0


M+VV_-K6SRHT\ALH
5&:@

M197BKK4B!\&I$T;D:PI098VXR&(


M:MW=WCW


:8H

M1[II3CY'[_IV+O#\IW-ZTKN)/?K]NM#JH/:OR8/E3].0T


M

M^N7X5FG+8R6Y)JY[[-FZYPJ7]+'J)2)+?82-P'K%]D=M?T5-_Q=]9UJO])O?

9W SK4K4]OZ1.1O+9=X^\_SA#Z?=V% ^QYV.SK[TW?
MQX'?=
Q;2W^R[.C
GL5GD!7H4!E_P(-OY]BU'^\[JB2K'/E'J L\]R?/B\)C



MA(

ME]?N3K=K&6\JV%(F.$Q-)@0T#B



_42G^X75ELV W-&N+_0#A]Q%V_!R.

MR7EUW841H4T4EK_0=.$ZY*-/6X,L)Z3M&>.
M$E;0!5C20[7 7!ZUH(



MP0XO&'(RBVT51$E.
\-64*L@26KB/BPI761

^GV(

M
^&QC*]-
EAR183NF]\[W/5#I_DG6=.]FW9GGTF2F9K9]?

ZGN56^F#J#
M3SRIN4@Z(SF6X%7LD]L( AM3AP(]ZQ:D;4N2WRAI2A)HE+MJ*[(SU J]0+=L
MT'8ETW9I.%.ELE\B:K@0Y5#$K?TQW?'O?
@(X!';-03
G@W(!*(%G2#9ZS

M;]++()39'
K


&S;X'


M@^WPK+JZY5$(0URRS4?U-


3H 7FL#P(L=YE+$27*2&2/G5*D!DY



QVY$=#H
M90E=MIAHK;O;V^9]C]Q$_#1;'_GX'!G8MOV1;EC.\[=S?OQYI)OFY/.;908O
MW\XU^=/4J!B8'IU+W#W7


M
S DX1*)O'!8&N[HHPK[JSS]0X+RO: [-=-N__CC5(0*+


MN%40*49IBAS;V$8'LX_GLNEV==#NNT&ZZ$*V)]E@WFG5?C*6XFZQ:@_=
@!O
MTLN@EAV#LNN(D9QG]2;LX)Z

0\H




M9[/:8 L)P)OT
@@L)H'%; !B

9I5]1.B





M HQ'/08]
9-^UY+[
E7/_0(?@ _ APWJ[DN@DU?.?3:M5_KI]R^ASSWK^NBJ
M9[Q@



MYK=SRWQL-#1%X[5'11&OV]=*EQ

B-

MV2+DF#/'Y#8NT-\CB:/7T^_0D^Y;_F4$!0$ZZJRA73;8/$-M;.#A$_9F8BWQ


'A:GFE[


S^NKXL:#E
QO7[?CC2LGD\;*)G_Z;J#;L1,29KE&.X01ZX)?A]AQR?^




8MU[R]^?[SDU0&K?MD1LS5JH;

1:  G)*20=9.3=RE6]TNUFKO

JPOP7V&0$?
M@ _ A^KR86M;U2:XHWZ9N




M:6NV8CR

]AGH]D\/CF







LB'!SSX=HY=^_&^HTJRRI%_A+K <W_RO@\



MEK



MLCP(A9('65Y_EIHC.PD1R4A$A:;6UC#FB
5.2!Q/
$W0$)-0LE%2+/U]8V


M0JLAJQVQ=4!Y@L^T.C%P;=M]H_OIQDE]/QR2=Y&GT

M;'*QCY^'Y





M5+60;OPWM#QL(C/THNK.RWBCR&F5_['=3**81=]*)F7XTU^6&UL$H5Y(XPPV
M*G51D*5




VN-TWY]!6]
M8B^P#-WF(H2N)OB









?K^JS#8.O-4+/

:?9(GU;MKD

[]U2.C$\OV'6KX.M7P1&$_)HCEV
MN++'*



MF9M&*



M=J*D:1
$2Y8C1:@*8L!#\ '%OB0N/LB45?%Q@Z-5^P$KO?1CV/_)51*\:U

?L(JV*LJ3W\
M7K##BR.JVMLJT1O*U__2@]S @O[=X-;UWGN8V_8QD]9E;'5#B\I/%_GN@VY
MSLF2)G.-NMC@)%[1.M=J1Y*$G1,%EJJYV96Q;4(/+B $02:A!KI'^
!%Q=O



TC&OLX($5M%P_^.D&_\'! S;<9X=(EYE1[:<K



$ECSLKG;&%K@ 7  N0/6B$-6+I.GH8IC_I-@5Q+M)BAXX-9 [+:Q!
M!3X 'UC@ ]02V$WN[:@E_(_NA+KW






PM_C+$U7^



:6$94!@8EG:'0*TG;WPJTL.NU!NN6Z.AW5V G
M5$EI!#YY#


RT
M6A8R$
. S


L&&A5/PUX(EWSB0D:1FK$$
9-)*! DQ*T:(W9MB$WD^UR%2O1!=NH
MB0W&=2_8I\K2
('V J1L]-6A?9Y8@0JD.*X$*K@?6LU)9\]:=!'!%5[Z)T


'^==/N_Z#A

6$6Y^Z/H&*8T 6'[K QYYV
=.X/_12=_HN%
MA&]OV
'C6%C.T+.G.W'H

49B!O#4<ND2_+]T
Z?OI  ?IB

M&G__Y5B!'^T.:Q*L7JW@HT_?T


2&

M
M-B5-5:5'@3XF)
!'+[=\5Q:%^N-?O?;Y'Z*H-NJ1



M
%J[2
?B-/E*J/'TRL@EG3BI7\=TO&H(-4FAMYB6/[+UCRO+L2T'+\&\';_E
ME/@%
7+D0CLZ#LT=H+]JO1HRJ6OA^9\CZIXX[TW]&K(2R1?B\HJ84'4WQ9:Q
M7*N'9A_6Y/A3SI


L$%M;333QG/_W3+;4);R
F_W80OU=SX]
'B76EIFQ_

H
PI6:1T_(5W3--7#?3?0[2457.1825-J?-&M5
)8J:[6
MUIXC!=9I#^4CC94/#8%LS)!23 6N@MFG*O

HWG<6%?SB]@T_KC;ZC!8 &V*AX YU?_@M:F]
M-J]BYREM\JSBI1Y9\9IZQFL5T]FZS3TL%OZR)


M6RY5K4B961PHJ>*6=GB0\N@F!

DL#?)V_/D)ZO!HTJ

MYMLRA
N&)M;6SO O!7Y$GNM%OA5Q.NN\D9 X 7P G@!O&9%_L-DJ?[=[@7
<,_A)4C#P^M<!C-N/Y-HU%4[;&._<B ?@M:D%9_6G;





=&Z%F!E=O9
M

73WY#IF

MEF1#%+%VV/X&!HF2;(C
7HX7N%M':7-I.BF!)1N3(E0%

M\1/B



H%1 
6PL46#%]1[ @H_HP#$



O.
DO0YA-*8W1^?&4YNAE/#MQYRH#?AU/#C

M!+XAS_^


&7;5[-%7COK\ZDX4V&IJ
M8D)D&R*)@[I/DW#JN]CK7.BU
()%:Q5@HOQ^FZVI)&GWW.5AIR'X 2S(P'E
MR@NC1*CBA[QP//Q0K*F
&+D5)G
0
J^0!:\RAM$Z9PH%3EN&QG!EZ


ML/Q6VB1Q[YMN8/:9X+4#9!))V[?'M(N!O*6B$47.52(Q



M%Q*FB?P^II[M( HCGP7A&/ECM5&OH#:]+(:DBEXP^;/O/;GV_^@36
@NB=C1

H'\1H(VB*F


MV

-\/8]!D36^1M06BSW4 ^_J*UZHU)72L:)
T$;]BDCZ#=


MO]/JCJ^X^8YA?5[F

M#%3@@0H%KK!JI(N@=194U(;


-24 34*A==
8#
M7C[
*UZ# Y/DZL@
(W_:6C@+%M!.SR/94=E'3*=-IDD$ JRBA?7O?3M/Y[


X


Q58;@(5

A[.]?:YTE;UFM[0SFM:





MHM(L+WIT

M9J^%=L9%G&?;SBC'[8R[1=QWD6[0S@CMC-#.N&L[XP(:[K')NA@7OH1.1NAD
MI'] )R-T
NX:A\KV

M


5&I
BMT*O4I'UI+5.)!DHLK%WC.ZP

;N B9J (F(_DR9F?SM(A\Q9
M09=+T;@JRP+V=(IL:(K7S]1J<=_H S+Q,.I1$J-6=U^A*.72P%?PLL]RMQX
M%8 *0 6@ C]4@#A$ HI S52DHL[!@D?WA
^]+AXN;BKJ](Y8#!? #H6Q#0D


M4.KZX=O1J@B_]C%Y]A@3S Y-'R-SY$5N6)!&M0O;#Y::K!*-GB6+IKDA[Y7?

H S)LAH3DJ].4+&\=&B
M5!6]5=_-\]D?


W'/35X


M'&'G5

?B ]_YX.A\<8<( 3
MF+,J $XXPHYQ\,H;<(@+;!:!8PX!]P#[KG/5!!?(=X)7JX='_?UY$L^[\=
M0E7R'W_LQ7YJF[(PIC
[*3/4U47?RYF=MA0M
.7:W.+#4WAK[3_6+B0.3P&
 $F17
M&8RJQD[2[-P,[#[84@!EH:'D#-XVU+-G:1/AZ.9:MEE Z2ZE&&+EN#9
XJ-


MJMTR2^M1SO \&


M.U&(+:CK!R@+#25G\$+4*P$%ZOH+'^N!NO[Y!T%=_P(NH*Z?C_TD:\^S\0

Y885O*%)=95;?M][
\!].7 /
MX:RUSM9WWPL-/:]@7W@<-:^[HBNU8VB&K5RLU5@7TMK%M<=41I&O5'4Q1D-

M)I?EXD8&FL4E6[/ GD
S#T


MJ5;DQ36TU

R%_]


0]]^C.)38D*/P3H@




M+3MX'4)G\A]_[




< ^X!]R7




M\-SQ^O_\5D'HU_=/N

MO573I$ZS9FA-HW9^WE14^5SI7K2

M.2[W3G8###





0.)JT]4BS2LTJG:)Q$I]# \ROLRC=B

MA.U^2B]9QD=1N9/U
2Y96N;I!7N B&2V_YDGTZ/;?R=;8V]C#X*GG =/]^=
M92
#KE0VBRM[]-&7);Q
8X49


\*3-S^




+)# ME13]OG*I#L

M6OOJ\OO/
S192:R!R(U3J2]P8D=1$I=#8



M^T




@NG#T'

M1\FK+2YGQN7I(W;QP X_3]V[V/

M)JXVIA.6QSISG4\XE=
7)^PUE/LPRSM6Y44Y$I+$.L4$.B8VF
MJV8
!]HGX
0"4N&B**Y'MB\O1V.PG*6


['5)EMZ




M
.VP9(B+I
M1H/]-[+#MX56Q



M7(=#[,[Q*/BR!HI2U$CI-5BK
;3M

$VNR(+M]ARL/5@D[/9



\[
M%SWYP+4[^N;2'3K

OV
?(#))2GZ!4
M]3G['8!.JWO8CMAB(R6W-(Y3*%/$U\(!Z&O*&3XX 'WE^=


9AD 0X?S0\_F:+G\-B!
YS 'MMVJO:D=MW'

N0-T-BW
M/8*..2_R@$(*]H@%Y!;!.21;A6XM(1%4^N_3]B$]*$K.
% ;(B3

P






FNE


M\B3: I^KD

09T_O3
NTJ]SQK
MNJS*GZN^[7UW2 G.)

 ')461V[B-)A
MG(UV3^OD'DR[%W2?E805P 9:8P-QUSP+6PIP!#@$TB\]BWQ.8Y#8Z 
49_C
MA7]%+LLM=Q\(4 &H %0 YX['#JATA0[I'7_^BSCD/ [BY&1MRI$.$!;9=BE[

30?;IBP;*3D%*O:*)3-R
M8H61X#+G;$#*@ 5@ K@414YGRUJ4P-,H^3\ 4WB





2\B(4(^IO($-2C(H0!DF]&


YZ6_U;JJ\6U/?KHRQ)F

M$#*


M_T F+0?V-H%UI$-S



ZWF. 5:N&I3/)7
*%E%[# S]O./IIJ_E4-ZR(G


;1QN$(/XI2(






G3





1\VLJ<D-]:<.ELL =2RR#F9F/



M*P]W%NS\PL^:V(_OE*IBE
.FUG


M.Q

@B!&CET[ $JYK2#64_Y=+3![*O2SC&8 9$
-)CA9-WT
M@CFLE794P0P'
)?@ $L^PD)A+@'




7J]5Z[3:K?.+IJJT+XP'F=SX

B#\A^\UZH;YYLXV@T
GW[?Y1'R
]F@B_*%8@B
8ST?%/2\5[

^Z
E%J3&4YE8KOWTY.

MU;8LMW [G^XD\E[HZ6;#[/(6NS-HHWD[%1&(0$\]1(-
/WOH#*?('&$EE$


:P7&TV1$@NI\N[$B.8]X;/3$Q]$1:9


M?G2YXJ:UN$1*4/5KN\S]X04MKLJ^M4*9=SZ\$*DP/76OC4CBJ55O@7@2





(__(35FJ
M_2Y)BOQP=]]]4'7M@9K'LJ)*#]()LJUO)[;UT&H9#4
R'K0+55*;\GFMVVM+
M-4TB][84N5


K+RCL_0?N4\
+]$*
G

FKY_1]&R9H;=&*4/1KMN%L7Q*


M=5(PK7^VBW)-EI&P]V2_S713&.NFDW=()_Q/F-ZE:%]FZPG^6##BPO.92/@;
MFS[JN5;2AO*X)7'W=J%*2A5E(U%61I$6Z?+HHR\SF-C7*Z)



K?2D^754J?








W^[GA!N(2.




M36#
!:[\)1

.M
M9I#!G*O5<Z[FIN[,3]J!Z5;<3+<Z#E8$GFEU7,'MP2K5: +T]<QIU1@DM5^


LTK?S (#.;A05X5E



Y@4&%D%(ZL.
D4F=,X,,]JOSRK
M&%*!J\84(H&+Q=0<E3Y)H2<ALE6W+(R8!6P*@I6P6 NY8PKF==A.E!#G0NY


M[(CC [:+[[WM

W+[028W_D:QDR!GQMQLW1:DDF+




)%%AP:1753QQ.M=/;8753.KME7B4I



+(

2R6
MVEJ?09@#GB8+YI8OS3[.5K]E\B!E[G



M*6-MIM8\HO6BQ__#?7:PGKFLW6V0N0 OP OP9B9SP=*=2N%;FOL/&$QS/6%S


_^_6
*(WFZE)=T+WB;14N66&-%I[38N/7^;J#8\4.



@5))7X?T=


O:KU,O@0T_-6GA
_0KI2UD&V#4

8TIH'
(
#A48^JS-8G;2E:@4HY((*1

* !98I+V !)7@!RC!UA
M5[  DKP M8N)MF7T0N^PK '=O%M2&F]N&94:=@+J[DZ^(Z%/)-LHSD&WEY

C+[_XWLP*;%)\@;



W8.4R'2\(?WKN
M







M







D&4,B27.UA


M@CJ/@8 ADNADYM



O_ZC_



%L1
MHJ7/F_DE!BHMCVRS=C_)4Z^B:L3IIG?VW
0QMNF0X 9


MYND2UB:V:GG01JSL11S
CB
KQ?H[$_O]H$L^PD)GU4G0HI%W)=@M?L9N1'Q2



OM*






^]CH_%G.(-FWMD[:TXLI3-H9I^*.8QFMI(5
MAX1.Y]-LO*JT(VM0


M
L!ASXA2D_L81 :K+$71DYS
B^)WD: 1\DR4-7)7!S 30?P^]QQF(JA-(GFF
M=#GL3(2D911F(L!

M&XMW&E%RZ^QO@3=A2E;?=!)Z53)TL8_[SB#0+ @&[D'&59OR]EYL!OIGR_^
MMMCB;7=N#'88X/G4D1@

M)L:4P+HKG26I5EMJ*X^\2
%5EDKDDN5%CP[F25IF)4@2JOL=,@FCK^]_F#+
MB./^^HBB8M74
?'EATBWP[^02;Y+WG*P/=&+%
Q]D)
/FB0RP\,
GI/Z5
MB?I10/#-
B85-


=/

5!U!_.O]UCUY8WXL7.19ZQ)4)1 Y9Q6 ^_1UCV\4


TS 2G];F'/&&7!FW(Q4P0





MV*%_^GA

L1$V9S!X@QY$53(DPO
M/&P\\O7 ;PEA;? Q1Z[R84?M,.5'OI$5#@Q6A!%FD.,[A?:MXLL[-C/V'\[
MOS(-C?1:DGUW7H:.
M

M1HA-%

<)Z !T #H
M'7BC0VE/L=^SG='8N9U1/4Z#'[PVL]=.^
BSK-M9Y2KQYBZ#NV
T
X([8P;


MNT\!J !4 H %?BA H02$E.T#F5]O0F1=&$.($\W?H4Q4A&C11Q=3*Q&EO%





MIWU5:U]=?O]YAB;KBB//Y

#;TJY6=_-#BS@KI0
F& &B6
AHXSEID*!

M'FYZNJKI-?*/W)2EVN^2I
@/=_?=!U77'B@V9$65'@C?V=:W$]MZ:+6
AB$9

M@Z0+T_;_-)T(MX
@&HW9M+&_





M:\2


M5&



M9D2V!1




=2)C6?4B )2HA)@ .0DC6__EV7[D8#!$1*HB12PCYG



M+W87GO2GDXO.2'QT=WGG\AUSPO
FWV-0*!ZL=Y8=TL=Q85 *QEW@+ZS3G:


MB0GR#\T1J4E1M%LNW4L6=





=YY@U513L
P+;E0 D8!FKMV%QN1UP2R#(//8L0I/<I4.O-0<ZD!-)2ENQ4%7%;$V-3
M$4I1D*_X_0HS%

M83WI /X$H^7_V?@11Y0G'B5LH9F)=M=WU!TW[$6 1U=NM.;CO\: &_(DG8*4
MC@8DEA@?:4LL
X'S*[B4K'1-PBBB%(Y8GQ%ZI!\QHUH2.CE)IZ Q'67DE8*
MK%?OWAZ)6''IT'[U#NT+9K7 )=BWQJ)DKY1N3$4 20$*R1*9&-F4F(,MF5.,
MSA8I)X!S+MUO21JL$_=I'Y1I/&P(TN7$)A;D&]NTA S59$K LK(_[AV./\A
6:7<'!\P$GQU(AI&90[0Z'B%_-Z!(
M1@N2!O(@4GY)_

M*XCU_ -^/KDU.

WSU2
MZZ7U1#@F9
B(T2GU (#C4/\\I8D0(2YN!=@C!DPW5LT$,AVQ!62-(9MH) G
MCDS?S#QDS]&MY/YR&L;9]Y*6

\K


$B#PCE N@
MZKF_6/
0%7




CO6CJK] .!YZ!D\%B)44%*-LO(Q?X*'D6LK(]2?2Z

MQ66&

V$T;R=I^5E2GY%BJ\T?@VN0=&(YFZK'-C-)A+A3#20O8HA45FX
7R'OW-]9 !EF;V(L*S#5,?MXL2/ X'!!
MLC8\



M+8#_S#U*3X\Y+P:&N
7TCTW$*9&X1DXU])(#R*D
3(BOB/:8*.^@BU34A[1.

'__]_F(SDI%








(H1T




G:7((D2QAAVHP+-I@6A@SQQDU-!BPNM+0NV5H1
#2B
@.L^@NV)(W6MQ4&Z. (L:SE+]GV:V?;=QY_QFA:A/87:GT\V2

AI<A;



M@Q G
 B#)421Q'I1HAMA8-@@R9?6=!2]F1X.TSH=?5DH2A$*/:I!IQM?-F

MX^$#NY&]TW)'!;*WE


M:AA3REZ

ZGAM_D$7G
M



M^7_&[U%4'7'J=9.X+J\S





P:!X::[9K3Q)+?_VF3!W$&S:@

WRP?




 %6TZH
QQ^-?/CZ2+$
M&?C4BM/LP04G.#H3K_AE&-U6S3\]:F6C.(!1U-)&=;01C3U-:HAMSMQ;V5)G

=

MU3![P:V^]W!Z



/@OL$3S-?40_LM@!ZB


K:*O(7PO9-M0 FXT&S,C1!*1E


M&&I^


M$G;*NW9IRU*
CV41ZV#(C:8D!5CA)P








HM0%ER;WB(*LK_1-
MY1-O!%X$_[B&B<5(FJ0KN!CP0Q\0;SL^-P%1BRX#-YA=:!&RV U6F KID?<


I;;_SU;25+$?
-\BB-


MPAO02WG'T:U7;?Y0

M8(IYH7$7

MJTR

F?DM=H;L8;N&+R
M&U8-$YX+G\_A.L [+WV
95]HJZ!59Z.0=!^1*L!\V
3*M
'9QEZ *44L-R1%


MN +]!Z_FMA[-6L%%Y/( H
T?BA1(N_BL+VS5WC#Y20IF<A$L6$:&'0@RRI
M8PMQY*[XKC'P0/OG/$N7$.(QWHT.

RM=4*79WI#Q-XM<H:823QB2O
MIG[I
ZX7Y:[3





TB5O





E4
NE7Y3+H9%\F$855-VM4
O 'OX?H;^H!VX?YTC;]YGWW







MJF@@CXN*=
^DQGL'M7.^:F[5^8VV)\H3M%_^A/&PRDV5/V$\J')3SY\P'EBY


M^(7OS=ETC]!$Q0(?2A5.=!_41)+J)XF$I* 5T0FO346.0L4-?*UB@Q$\6)64

=2+N+


XN(:/:QZVCDDJ

M*EJJ&85IT]@^%3Z-O(3S/6Y#2DSKV2%9GIQ-



+8)
M1@8$\K




M5&4O


M(S(!$/$ #3X0BF&
L@F=7LOPVI
HJ.0Y 
M8F$U37_2.F0(+=:DAS'(9SK @


%V\]?=Y%)-MRYH52%B:X$*G:X\B^OQ'AF+($8U6G
MR
I21% 
8D/97





KDFLX[4V7R#).7$7ODNS

R%XGHDGB@J]F8BK;P&+;4\F:26Q*R2M1:0QLSK35\/+
M1$)1L6!%B^E@3T)2_G(.5


M8XJ6;&A+@5QM2C1;H:DPJO9M@D)+D3UF) S36R N99:Q:AAE[.X8I28@Q;1P


MUO(!4

M'E  #)K^-


BVOU:N/X7W!H$ 8




MPL+7N&3A+-^G51M%#)M+7=
 P)J2I!)!16
M$&,P5Z@U%U=);T8I2(1ODMU4HEL0LR(?3
2-YPI*C.2\[(E]C%IQ:(L&]5Q
M40'$OCM$[UQP VX1L1)E


W\K!X1:M.D4 ]JJUQ
HP_'B*Y158)XAI5Y=^




M%)I6QVY^_-&\P!@\
6IJIE#.VY/V$H$3C'IV<K@0YD71VIR(&0_DS@7=C)%:M4,)D4KGW'83S
MC(,8'FP9Y0+)P6++4<


TP(CT/3ZX8
M[5+@;@4Q8KU@+27LP55XH^;*J3.BNTTA2'[QBT(1L

MS&





8CZ

$4HM
M:*9N#E&8NAML
4A=648]*]2_

MZW'8.+P)O



 W4\L9SOP54N<O%D/Q^;<(50WIA469C

#BS6EBWJ
K7GZ6D!3JVC
V()7(Q72G5P5MB





 *]DA]
B7V&T_;#JYJXYD*63=R[E
MT.*629.V(K5[J1HAOJPS47@EGM5#0Z7Q](J+SCG;%
WQ=

@(! _MVG&.
M8 YZ?RK]+0G'4CH=
^\-)Z9[_EHT2
<X-=@&_E7@GY


+XSDK0BQBA6IY':1(.(Q=;\2FD4EW0M1




70.QF72
MF63@C30I&7.[T.HR1/C1R#ZH06\R+7(O41JN@MH/:CR

MJEDW&;FFPI4KMS;1.^24!/(7MDH).,4RW@([H]=8:Q@(YZ9,/CX&5D1PCM

CR?A+]@]LYZZ]9.H.Z-PH\7/E-@&#)!;A9Z_ --

Z



L8=1I





MLIM!50:SMGWE+52.0)*D0#= 9/6#]@(JTSJ



$!/[@!3FLMPO;\&JDTL(FWAI=(O@9
M3MJ/]%4F04PM7X-43!7V3DDS4;6L1X-)M,&NK')SSD16FI@$0F2#:FX:JJ1



MPHFL*$C


Q\33^&EL#I.;P]


UU1-/

6GV<RIY2[IG(B@94




#%-5P6#65$41UM!:]*D4&G2NU-)3P*0PWT.PHJYF&
MU495L5X,57E+?[.LFN<BP9W4!B.KJ0K=7JIP^(C0BI,T/I$H)S.V#7J]R9&J
MSJX
$V-ZJ;V(8%N



6$









MST4.@!NX
U!DN1@@DA*/1*3/TG\H57N8@ZR#P\C/#9(QDOJ;2*8/$Q).FU5
M58+\3N159?TR8R[\;3%2O]Y0%!X873I!B(
0_8D
Q@+$Q\;M%&]=^$EAKJCFT4Y'CH$Y@?



MY1MLD!@QU4O=GM=SA.^UCWMBZ_RU&0W(-%D4)28=^&C!%Q ROME151OXH7
M@

M!?0C9\.:IZ$P:6;B

M@F7AKP7@L
)EZ%*D[,B[;3L8O=.OM(LX


'@Z_(X7\-%WA%8(= #ZGJG48'/XD?&O3+E'$%9&)FHQAP






MAJ9:)!-#3X7HE[%SE16#88J3D^64 (%P2$#P4?TJ5;X,4PVJ!A)?PZ-CKI

[O:U9*0.;:RB'E(;


/!^^:

MF.)-FD

M)]=B5&8CR0L+GSC(QV_IM?]('4J40T.=W23TI??+R.I_'?7^+URV\[

MA_[LW5W+RV0/[=Z/W'2C@D?%



\9X9
K8H_ECL

M4=Z2(GW37:=3US'D_H3\+.]120_O[T4

MZWUWY?V#M@AP1^XW*?B/ =;F^U4ZX=?W!,SC=-A$3)P%#-X)\$) J-8J7R$
MM?O-R3H@ROB+IPR\T(
XX$W\P[.4:LZI\XX[O7 ]E;('3AN#G*


MHB@UG1QN=.ZMUPO1P^1-\B&[6CMI/G2(.]:H-I_@CAW=
FNGR$I.6=6YD+G_

* /&:D8/;K9DTI9@M_Z3.Z8OQZF%7]

M#K!*^RFB:J52(J8R#B




!3 A98B$Z.
PV!$*#:]@'W#T( TN@4W
!D$(WF;C!MVBS6B/%
M



MZ
&^ 63X\-^-$I GYLU?<#?KS76FGS9IY/6PT_/;]=3L+%X:1*#Q;5
M<QI6K=]0 E[:'6=L6WUF_:@Z72']6:W 6MNT



8#4CS+[R0ENTT]J.C_&6E-N1?4L%2BGY
MJ


\PJ?)ZT2TI9#B-^VU(LIZM2^




M3A/.'&:J%8?^,NI]..MQ_BT:F3A^Q
F=OQ2OHH$J2ZR+OV@HW';@JFZUBD
M=1H9#O=50MM]?6&(,Y13T-2QUY8,Y_0(04&./7W4/O6


J\KXK4<O.
MUZF%N!

MD=H)==.^II!C1Z0%H


M=[P+$UXNF^#O'!VM5:3P,PRR3=U/XB\/%/?BI[@

]1U]G


N8BE1221
40I128IW(=+C9+






M\7Z&?:I1@M


MD[YV-VADY]  _



J

M@

IV@&D0.XL 5_J=2'WKI69;L

RI\];LY7#VP+CY F7\UE:;U57<UVGM[/

?#

%2;TW\^:^?AWJ;FW-LG*/&PL2:R)MO)\G##1



M=AD3CZ(^@O\AE2

S%\
?UW8SY?@N]X_I(#

QLD;M.A@RMMT!=M.UK:'3MT?C3J_5
M;0#/J=72 E\B\@

UTG'KSK6QFN]XZU&;6


MWSC]9A/TS^PU3J.=2XWJ?@M


MMOJC=M?J].N#;J_5:7=@7-S*?WZQ_]W^K35

MDSJX D]

M0A%N;OHO=[%Y&N-\^T:










M


M:&67JH4+_YZYMXB:@VW1L(^7.??CJ;LP;STWJAC5-S*DZK^ZAQG9H^+F/I



MQBNXGQ2.6


!-;XD?XKP .(XKA:#W5

MT/=.IY5R

XQ

M?[VK1V(._O/P[/S+IQX






M^+$ML]MXBL

9UA+?%(WW.EVC][F.




M*S]O'2ZN/(?R'




U4O6BGG!UD5[1M2M#
M/Z:JRZ_8G^L)EEW?6G6K
R;,F<XZO,U2::7KFQ9ZXB?^H!OX+S8@\L*./X
M,ZZ($F^/Q/,:-!#^ $_\33E<.XW'.%Q;]7L[7#LO4]OT&E];NI=/WKW\U 58
MGQ4CIH]46=%7P94SBSS%FJH]=^*W1*HD$_EXB6]-;U$UKR=W9$J4'HK#EYV

M?HEO?L*44.H-=[1LO09]+HQN3XIAM(Z_2*ED&=,:5F(:;R)?(H:T%FN9#3
M

MW==_7=Y(RW@XS-/+BCP=)O!+&
YN_
4SPR \DB9LNWWT*%H'6.;#+_@)+1+/


MB8=9=FA_ =OA%;1K;AY_C_;2F#AE4GCEQ9%ONT2Z/(7R%
I3* VDT\2=?R(X






0%8JF X






M(!L&J$

,#1#9#94)PYX;^<9605[18[^5#);H'9;E'

M

I(

[<.)&+^RZNR=V'S5*DO
VU@5%F)*@'M C0\O2D 95:2AC*&%S

M3
G13R-'27TI1@X\4BVR-ML^!3(ASL)B#/Q'^WWT]$2F#-1=WY]#;/Y\G!U!







C*$$E*'!XE #ZC\* T5 $T\'-L&?MV9FQL




Q;H*#S%TI(X4NL]B

M ZC1$(TP9+RP9+I;*@.#I(.)3!2!TA&6(,&C_SN.8#:L&4(W 9@UOZNTS
M+#L
Y^


&0!S1I8FG*H^44N['B(LOP!5$C8=[;'K@M\'JN
M-@]$5_'+19&!&8:V_TS.CO1C7672A'19WSQ[0MM[[0 K6#:!-)2M(3/46:HG
MT19Q3K2C &PQLIV@5[$J=G(7#B?X@M'L16(6$L1Q=#!H2BVH6ECH%/^R.K
MH@:)9E$F05FRAI:*1N.A8K+SS+UUT'EI.B*(?6F6:!3[@_5IZD@90:!:3QF

M?WY@[?[.4H$9TPU5A=LY'&B




ZB':L\#P5A#1\\




^^N6\ U896(=A*
M8\#.DWT6V$HS])=*'3N]


M7A12OD:[1BYM-OYEZ0\L

MM[!9\=9Z*% FK$;\[NG\9EW%Y%**JB 7[2V/E[9Z-&P0UFC]624#BQ/NKJ4_

T!1-HXZ61LVL;5)-
MV;0&S/0:#%D/82S+DFZ
L82&ICF&!AX:S*=BJ4]L;NAB;&AMHXCYM%5U:_ P


%WSWWFTOU+?N1K:09
?KUX7IXOAY=[F;V\<+W??'^F
)6%_?OTP

HJ9*GK
M32Z_8K[OD(^R:C/3VR'SU#:?B#XHQSW*#WZ$]NO??TK_N_FP_SGQ_6K8[@YR


M\)VXG88Z[.HV*W_06KO-+FZ'0

H$?U%Z9-$:9



SQ;N





MKUXP/V]V6PW@LOV\U-8)E%Q/+RLCZ]8C&DN DU++=ZUDD[Q(I-7639WC1A
MV[[__(7$]XN4Q
7UK.5MYG1\HC['(W4YLG5:GQ;:'OX[


MPY(QM :
JY8^1

4(
MN;V#



@(!JYMR^P7_
MTJ9;Z]1]M?U*;.X*^72&/U*6X@.


=C

SR3]M)\3$?L

MH2XNKVMECMRM;]FO;FQ[DQ?*]^\V
8A-3<3._A%R[.PF_YCX)IR_T!YD9(2:+

M@U)\@!T8F;(L&V-)H1Z'A$?F2!KHR)!T2]%TH PM QK;*82;086\].0H$6Z3


X
M7[B_'&=?GLZ6TIP?TK7R1A_R1J)_)+;G/LWI%F=&OQ'GF51JP%?/Y#W9/L?H





MI*XHV4P6HA81#7Z+/Y.%9!JJ;J57DT^!N#6BE.
T1Y4=A%5(VP5DYK
:S;
MM1H%NZ\XY$=^E3$(ZJ(;;H6'SH3(H5[J\:.CH4^H(ZM.2A(D$P9A3CD62J






M5* NR=9 ES#[ 5TQ

@Q_QBX@D[BS5@PL2#U*3RRU_#2)JEKCV=]=S8Y?Z
B2:AN[K

7TE7RI<B[&D.TBABRIVU /D1Q.D


5

MJ_P0 &H8;(?]=61JQMB0+'VD27@XHCP84(M^-$0#QAQ%'H'LN(IJFRP.N.=5
ME^2L]S!) P%W3V-J*/I3ZM^

B=AN-V.
MH3IAB8I%@(2'B%5

JD]S1TQ.9QLNLWT?[



MF79!.$UPTV66IY)O./S;&E69(V
%4)FTB6S)%I2O)P-);'\A#K(W6E
;5_




MNRJA!3;.

MS#O[QJ
6V)_.:&0N@9Y*FZV


VSUL]A^\VH* &J@JE#$

ME?.U_C!-A1PJ$Z:A'%*O$J6ID




M17B:NC6XX/*!FBI)W3/84-F:NW=\H&911\8F(:8]Q[) !XFXU7HB[;Q43C7P
MKK:*.WBA8FQ:4$:2HINRA



MMF097
6

)(36OJX2IE5W%SZ;SUV(8P


P30C3GCF#[)UT!Q%D
M)9W&;$HI^VCT3L*I&[%U4W(RFWPBEP^/J!NB$89C31I8LBYAA4TYE'4H@9$Z
M0#+&C2L;XOZQ5_OT;^J&T]7'6^JG2ZQ;^]0U''!M(4W1A*PY$\H')J#B43
M 2P!4P8*T!7%TF#*/^782:^U4K-['&HI:N!J;NV1XU#K[ +&AYY646*+!:\F
MK)34/=6$
)^



M

FX\
M3_]!_^DZ[(
GEX0WT?2%S


-+2.A6054(_XB$4WK=A/AN$'X)8A(-$W+K/_X('E^)+)]


-

R6)0A3
MTL8/ C$%EV**QDV@NIB16.*7,;B8ZRKC2E%HW@$UG_9N24?V!.Y/(ZXW/!,
M=^;:XR!PHM^HK\\B[Y_H)S%Q:M:%*I===-A2!?6#*8R$B\&4Q6!X@9BRS!E

MT=-H'%-'U










^[3G V[
ML*.7L1?\^(TXSYWT.%/PD=*


5]H0'SZ1\RZHD4=AAEH!@\K
MJ;K01C3U8-V0X\P FU,HR#\%$SM51UE=BG+TJ=[,+NNJVAJ& OMYQZ!YI!:
MRU'L3KL(IZ9HVCO4D.BGHIMP;B9B4_OXGG/&G2XT+N_-W$TH50TI1H-6YB:4
M_SNOGONL]W)7#!55_3W]+]&D]S:!S+U[BBSTM5[%T2WSV5%/DH\BG/:64






@5V9L!9P@1D U#
M]&V_0&A^8WGHOG/W]$0_3E

MQM)EU
?\XN3%#M.^\BPN0;_EB07\T\A

W

9W7UQ_



0


M5E_C^_]\7Z-L@.@P7Q5I&A.X9\(G3=FV'(@&//V*P]2[]]#@G_+KKS.]?C
M8X&C#'0D]IH_!L?'%_I7-Y%4#5E!0A]P'X=DR=A(BW $5*E2'%5#D1MU7)KV

J(Z(XI#G/7PA



MG9


!N.5[L\$IM5
[_3MYS&D\!+


2BM<1%SJ\4X3XQ'WG@^Q_C<)

-?!A9TI


MS%.L





T+(UUZT#DB47 V57@7U3.E/M!7IS;+AVC?5;XME/?W7;&.E6K1



MEAT9P#RG'==FTP)6DP\N



M4=]2MH0DJKO46510$5:T9NR(^T'EY7H^/YSH*I((B#VNN222YG2:S!*/7NLL



MBXIVX+;&YV7[=Y\*I#B7FK[:-=*M:FJHDL%17/
&L?@GR64C
1/&)R4?MP

587
C29&E(:



P+1*RG)2L**_S

$JC;R)T.1$.6$ OY#V=5;@Y 1!H3?-/2U





&Q/76\9GN 98]^][

MGT[_3]&:U)SNT#CUA6/L/Q_5\JKB


7EGG


M6C!SS!F/7
U<^IC





M9QWFB
/&OC%;*XG324E/(SOT7?\YHBLT[2(^W_V 7BOOD0GAM?(E9*+7\:DT




TZM[YEO[JQ7:YA4BM1Q4)70!V_
MI!]#VX_2G&#3^2.)X@L450H,K]AEZ,?#.R1/S!<:$)_^$?,AZ)V&F7<G4DZ



MW5!5R

51%CHOIF&IJ.O-

V7XCRF 2^GI7G-(CFF!N





LL&C9
O@;_ LFM0
M]M
:VX.A\+.@1)JI)RR*PD]O$F.FGJCX9\#+LQ,/?$0[&?J]5JY0:$U\J7


MT:? ?XY).!N2[_$.UY



MF]:^J1E#/K[S((;U#?GD&H +3#L*ZQ/VFG180CY575 (UTHU4VEZ$&-*P+

.$W/J/

MFX1!6;S;#3;?:#5J+V@Q@HW[)&A&4*[QZLC9/KQ@QO]9[C^\5J].#6Y;6C



QN2D79@&

M0-+Q1M&+^UIW2%D](EB&+RMQW9.P9L.(5S;N(DJD T

Q#B#4!?)1=79V
M!?7#9U?I5?7X[0 #I0^\72#P1F5;.1QX2Z^J6H$X0;4]&(LM/U9!/4C\3G4
MQR!\5[)-]5D@(PGPRG5UT(Y'X]=P5JU3 @[* /0N_I -PJ0&#;!Q$ZG3
M!_ELA].7*SLA2 (EG)#TJKJ


MRW8AU)?
/JL9O+YTH[D0+C6H#AI5)GY0HW9YR[ZH(*4'^0K LL9Z1:@&%'HK

FZ!;@6$'BQZ';%G



E01N2)V;E#XA/



MB9&&L=!^V1$8#:G%&





6Y
M'1 I$+&^#(JA Z&3T!DT7^S9FL

M

$F

T]-A2E8=IL%4Q<9F70;WTGS1Z,
M3&=&=YTH3IO)?2',5O%LORWI3PO<$%U50H=]R^6FOH/K+=R0LQGXD_;LKBP

\O+4FI
M64YL5: A=)W2?-J[JF=WI;DIR526,-AZ9.0HH'1/*7MPHWX:?_B3R [YJX

M3AFZT(?


F*FM]E&VR#V[TGWQS^7'2G@S_!3@L
MPU\5VH3=#\Y&PS&'OOS=:VL.VQ#]



MF 'S1H[H-7;







61QZ6F8QU'\7VRFE;DEIE(HDH2:VUE9:BU(D@


(9J^\_3

M'S^^A(1
6
-6_A$)I_2Z?'=(/P2Q0:LF/NQQ_!XTN01+;O//Z@W\_O?#&/

=


E;4P
ME6ZPJT2&U6+GEY[K\./+VYC
\B.?TJ:[_G
6'KI&(IM^OY(;--W1N^\?]PD
M\)+V3+3?)SY-QAOA/@\!$E





'T

M\/72%E.Q7AS$H14:8M$*C9IH52FN



^A_?KB3FUO

]:G((K&83 ;DLA]




MA47U'$4I7%[0*IRP(D.A%5YYG%(#\!.QH[:8[ N
@$+=YU9@=
_



MN%B$
(E;Z@%3K*CR:Q%6O.)_RAL'^?369[JV6K:X$-::[V2M*HA=^E3_N1T0

=:P(?9BX&Y-5


5\.(AFF^=JR;/#HC H ;WZD=I(73K

WN;[E%I7R'BK-H*I;?33YX&\XGM53_&
RTT7/7_L+VT


PY)I)WX4E*CR2*C98PK2L4BR;9'1M%U@-^.DQ#UA8
M=)T_!ZP[S&I9?@G\KU%:O\4/QGC_LSH-^:[;@IED :PURLD_6K*HE9*$;#_)

V
46K79I*



3C( G[S:GKFU.Z.'KA;RR
&
H\



F


]Z





6OE
M]6B_7V1P%\










N/0X)_HMH(_S

(3 :

MWI*'/GIGBK8;

2F


M]\0G:RC1)4?]A9@0_^[IB;+



M9 3AIOEA0+$SH^LQ/]R:




+

M^VV1_9
&7O

?3M6);4!U/[9=GM
M94EWRH0Z;9/@*?YAAR1W9[] :U^@W5IPPD*S'

VG)=X$Y:RG4M^0_#A?$<#FBF5!;18.BAL%&,K:MZ^3
M8<;F66IE_;KXZA?ZU=]^SC[D3V)W;S[FE7Z7OY]]=O#&[/='7Q^*?I]^5?HQ
M]%V_49J_17PZ1?9$QWVCJ_YQN[Z0A=;:







8DS]A&W$K

MRK8@MW
O;0MR.S?;8Y#+:U#F3/SZE[^D'__ZE_\?4$L#!!0    ( &&7$P-
MC[7)N8  /;C 0 0    8V]T+3(P

C
P+GAS9.U=ZW/D-G+_GJK\#\Q6

'ZA/A3P):5Y
MNT\%O%*8(7$)\%O#120_(82O&LD235.GS__OV^2%5RQVRV0&B=Y9\C]B!R
M)PG[T$RS@\/9V\

M'KT]4.@KJ9X5=T.7D3WH<A]GFG&<V%*7)743*?10!XOKZG:Y._V96)!J#B(


M9FODXHY0Y





M7(6
8



D%N'ZRJAZA:K.CD(BY=

CB8  .+H

MAX%HZ
/7@(EW94RD+%

 CA^U?0/PFH%[



M# /XH?=D4$=K4+1FP 






M@]XU(V3_VQP6(2]_K:




-&:AP$9

GK9*3U
F1E7)$K2P6






K9_#2C_L@C(/[7S])=QODZ#@;]5T1Z,(SY:D&B^Z=%
M65#T\GF&(&PB2)\:HZ^=3WP'4@,,=#_FNN!=DC8OO:KO]:L\ONP
*!!LR$V
MH*$VR6X#7A87C3Z6@_DU(^8GS;@X#'6:W%;%(G[Q%&F?;L#/AI'[QV5ER


M(2

MRZZ#AX/M5


MQ1'A^3




VNO\DUWK&_.;MY9M!5
M'U,MV&D+KZQ:Q797;&&\5P?[3&^U,T)9Z4-8&0AF5U;/:E:0$KCU&*Q
RIV

37M(3I5@@[;_U]M(H\!NUK=E+Q:'<YJ*!\R=OJ;1R]-;]^820P



M/6J/BTX


!&?K#8@(9AP=[

MA8G&H&K-W)CL(TZN[+YA2ZJ^Q1&AXCU0.$EN=[C5BL:@:LVVF#
59]KV:&NK

J &U4+P$#3R*=\+%:^#WZ/G7)7&7
MOZ!'S'<4?\71<;!;19$\#)00).
%YWP]]+U
H!9
]T:P)Q4WTGK#^.B(D'R

M!I!I-FK#;)FN[\3.(:W*+'U24Q2M/TM[J3*CVF%+/1&A5[2JU-?!?"=
8
M?$[P#2+:4^2]^1A@I!FT#3!*!Z/

M( UA=H41P^PSK_









M?!N*62C$

(W-WNX;XV- :


M*V


M;:HW6OYG(Q&1]/5^@JN:;30 *_9BG=##[-#H]F;P_WGIF75+%+#?*&[E:#




F*F'V





T3S#2MUV68F+9%)6]HZ

0ZQ

E'S0+0O?F

%8ZUC-^294K_60]&5
M):G/



F



3^L3=
MW./GZ
0O#LRFC 6IHO3[*VHJJ3 X%ZRK#@9K
TQ)/W!7-X]S(8]Z;K''.TC1
M%FC*MPL'ZT49;O$ZL5%[-Q2O2+S2=A^M:9UN%6L-ON,8-R+-G_%B-;)5LJD
MRK. 3Z\KSV6&V9XA8)K 1'OFO()E@][

^











5^LH#;?7$D.U=#O2&(R7PKFFBR=]@JO)
*W9

M(5]7657JUH[\QW/?^7




M
&V;?Y*KT^K*:W9.0[9)(34
OK*3
/!T(;24R=6[[-=3*4)=IDE)$T.=^!R?

MFB/V3#]
CZ@A+!NRD(V5

M#2
CI[U8W6.G;X?[1)M//JKSB3SBX#Z41QK'ZS4-D;NL;I%&@ET0\B;F.VSW
M5)X&=IUAFY:(L.K#QQ_ORZ)NU2I4+?OO##IU^PM\#LF.+TABU$$ 6OC8+\
M_9E
RQ7G!J[VLPOBK^ DX3/OAMK2IR'+I-8-\KG;#4QUXDI8&IXHL1R)F*7)

9
4U(K!&.2M@
1IEV&1Y'/PYT_
MNTL4B&D$YW%25!D[DV[OH'J\TR8(]B/B
UW/83&?Q_R!;U66U-8$NV!D5(3Y

M;%.2Z [QCG

K=P<2R6SV'S
M50)

AWLLFS)*/=
9RK




MKGS[(
\!9]HIQ0



9EUI)?/]\ FX


+;O:AYLO   2&@


'(9A2$. KP[N2ZD^G\GM[<7KT_.@^#DGCT<G]QC)BCV7^=U!05
MHZ


M\=@I^^KT[-WI^[/77V/_U7^P!O]&HP#?X^4)E^'G9+?%O[R*R68;X%?Y=VN*



V

913)AZ7@0HCLF28%\%J*[JCPA%62?UM:&MGRY0O+X.HN?X)O0)Q5ZB LUA
MI:K%?E@#*^LH\&%O?HCA9'P//1UC@?#&IP*]Y+$7A#%*<67./8HV3*5N%O.


M6!OD*:T?FP-F/_EI@.^6'Z/(?R9!
-L]X!53T*
QT26#0JV'OR+6;HK]NRTS
MQX%O?6H_H#7=&#^AWR(^I$0A4!K?+3_C)!M4;J


M^XM!FO9GYQ16OB$(WH0Q0P%;G#ZL
=2D;W!1+:@Z9L\]
&\R(S1^N*Q]TC7\
T:A2S







*< YI?4C<*#+C!W8H-(]XD8P0DVY
MFC^HV226;$L?/GW;4#+MZ,-51I<;]AD\&?=/7P=T2/TYE )U


U6#&U6+^

M#SH!#VOS*'A_



99_

 ![4

UDU$2#.EG
\E.N_?=CTHK)






@H\T2K?YKC2S3DA;JMEJ[-/YRDP6R7+*M.F5(L&.-$-=5#EM
MCZ-7D@U; 5^;C@QJ7C
<T&[2)[9




4((
70OT_'CD286

B3<7)&_OZ2(/72Q0_OH[HZDT:GZX0VKYA&O4&!TE<?
-U



\^)@(%C2F GP^4IGCD+D@(+


MSN'39B1OG.D02MQ\RH2DC:2$$X;

MQZ&?'_\IO2TWFRWR1_3HK

HD'<P4)<BW9R\&Y-Z^207Q71WBJ=T8#3@'







J?#9W9;UR. +I_
M]35GM$=NJ:)F


M;B+




AMD



A47#BV=U6Y

M6F'KH^@P:JDB:



MSW
)+K/:LHAVTC:_3%A:R2Q'4LB!?IRTLE.F*






8VTQ7DO\Z(-J
%
DIAM

)81!


Y-&O #PZ=)#(30E5G
M=ZJKS

MVU.GL3OF@N/0WPEL:$0G(S^9KEJW107Y7Z5DD:&X-5T7CV;=
X=#NR(LXA

QRKYNDUAQ
M3B;%5\^4*#;






MEK
1A5^&L%!XN^&0ZU[7(+CB.Y



#]EDU









M;D+JE^%%LGRLA59'XZ[SVG%=AW9:Q6T[Q&H1*-RN.
+T&KI:

M;6Y2E=U;WU[4[:![*9N33O O=(V\E.U.%WJA9IF^E!U3%V@?X(U]*;NU+G2+

M^$N
EVEP2YYP;&\+R%*H2.X^.:=4




)^8M8O
/GH=^L

T 




@2X)
MB

MHGP_@Z*BKRPLO7C3LCKDM7Y
Y18I!
CH9Z
-B%F$-:P1Q3
48Y]%2\
WV;@;

M?#+#FVU2[
$-G25$%;BR9%=L3CCI9U.5[_=Z:1K=#HQXB'OI?KQ@PV C^Q




M*^2_*PXKC]:KCAKL0-AQ1%7PL!5RPQ_%=]T'FV5*6HJHOG: B3(W*.+!V[!:

\;M





;1S
(P
M-


:OEHKA=O'6!(U?6Q/+LD%Z^DRP'1U#(





*?

^1.MQ0EV6H





 KKA+ *
9W


M%/FLT[6 ;#QGA;02J]ZVQTW(_H!#F&*[]+C^A!$)UQ%-V&LTBRB-GEG:-9&D
M+4\:SF)_

MV)BOC



MO49FW R%UDV(@]'/FBEQ
.!9-R/NQ3AK8^1E!34SP#Q^FU\1?@LUDW!UC5@N



P!JE8+P=0VW]
M>.;=\B,B8



M7W^T0%]_71-O_7?TA#]'R3]P
L.X-E3=B+K%3.8=
:+L4GH^I#:U(W


MTTD*CO$ZB6UK!;TD6*Y9;@PXPGSW\.#ZA4S[&]XQ]!P7
?X28W\176)V^!)J
M.=Q.MG








M?;

MC:N7AA[U$[:,QC=C-4Y'^;6=0U
NIDR(X


.]F6


K]



_
XDTXP
#?8K
#VA'H.J
(&QL4D]H=N'UV


MX4


M(U-%U4].FO8/Z6.
_TC!%+IZ@O_9;
H6=L_-#3/I

)O^;BF0

M X+MZC45EM5]5HQ@8 T\DNP


MQ1A.+9WQT145O?8%:(ANTUXCBF'8'M?.6UFN4'O&+_WN

MY%8SSZY*B+.?*?)+*^


#9CB


M:??_YRIRTQT*B5R\ZS#QD\-MN([P+B/ZNW=TV&\/MR7U_@XEV'_] 7D;!W\?









M%


M*55^+K+A]

@)6FU,?M+X1(,EE6[,%QL[V9 6Q_^Q0X&4M







M_:OP/HRS(-3F-TD8@RV/+E0

'VH&5[_RHBB'



\M.;$1[ ^V )2F
M'SI0U



$O*NB.4-6@FFPS16H!'JNE0REE$D9LI=4[H71.#








MY5'EOEX@8FRA
\.%(8$P*
MS)1PF7Q\3['=4;A(B/GYE;45[F*OD8A52^(R1EDC^3F+'<69J?)S)2;C)ZK

 A'(LL)-51(#@MBR/7WXSN6&U!*&8




RX6M]E53^;(U4










;
@^ZBT:
M15& )28!(Y


W!#!;AQ3Y9L2'Y+?)?0:@2IY7M'

M5Q&'O&RA/1$-W:-?@(B_R&@C:X[L7O2(\+/OHERI?T!NM


MTB

:@




W6@=F.:/91K7';?L25_3N-*Q



KV




[R&R\[

M7X:(&'HUMRE
D9^L
CPYI3?E\]Y
M8K14(
9LO!WOG
315Y

4X7M'_I(@
MCVO M?700=0?J9
@C)W+.^C_5C/CW\QA#?L[QPW3SH1@\7^I\8(:$-TM[/


8
M
3G Q

M%0: Y^^KLQ

M







MY)0(5U$NC

LTV=''?0\?&OW 6'X)Q^$7RNS_%E'O?@H




FR

F/Z?:C]WNR?SP[ZX.)9
&!
SD9S5[?GJ%DD$F/ZO9
RY\F7+]IC\:F;?S:]:*<3DYS'U+0=!K2.3G\3LJ?-+ECP#
M?S%3ZF$@^?3#MGP0BUY#ZL9T2P(@^ -) [*N!(DN!/%IBH(00A0+QG^:(N.M
MF2(%\S]/DGE&TEC![Y^FR.]8$.=AG\V')<LE?G=#' VH#Z6/;TL]X#7H[M%

8:$MX[53G27M#H[=3 /5K@
M5RGF/?4FU062!V(R(;+3+E.

VN*PT;5#I+:

M-/0JWC*:(%Y823 

QP)W8;+EV3
8#=^)71ND!1P6WFMB2
M]YNZ%]'HK-6^V8T&(GVE6%-*&#
0R-O*9)LQ#0_9G?TUY_X:CH=MJ ?6GX(;
MQZ7X37Z)Q_

N
G
M1_D(%'1&0WAZA880LZF%-/_V$81JN]_$)B)$PH+YW.;PM

M_!+T_!+T_!*TT2]!ST^'SL\+3DNN;0&]



M=;QUA
+



'!BL2A[6X V7#FO
MB%Q







MQ^6%-ON





+;Q4J'EQ2-\^*!#N58&J"A/3IPQ6
MQ5
&#/1@UY'@F&#;)!H&-'PU+I
MPEI/[+
1;9! =7SDQXDF
9P-:[@L[C':
M.SX%*&7DYT2+S75=HQLOF8C\9W*X#YR0!GBH:K:G@1^=EYK

MFZUR/8.FS


RU


M&+':W@\?\2BB@\FY;4VA/+\543_&5T1U7ZYKOW2Y-1'
00/L]
\7:N[D!Q
<0ROL!/&N1K0MA*E

KJY%FZ2.H&\//1

]#2+P9 VZ0YY



2X\



M6=NT 4*E80OHL3ML0$%I$%9?D]8&'-
P8NKB-;$!E:1!6EP_(3A@: #^Q[/1
M;


V?8'R:X]5+=HN#$R=CN(%5&MRT)[
M.$H,$9LB.MNOTMWFB-
Q-$$*ZYG=
9@1+LRLYP#88Y$S9&HMQJ):K]QIA1]
M4M
FWT#
2=4JFE(D:A![:DK1)TTN@BE%FG0X@J842^H1RIY.(*DKF@
H&#0'
M
'H&



!V^=8JBTB^C3G6[!.2;.U'*/&R2;!=QE79T#'NK_IL]DNN

K0$D]LN5V[E\!'$RI_;(JE.KSJ$?5BR
MHU0XLBY_?K/8
!0ZV(\6WC_3.*$;C$EU:W-(VK^%\1ZY9$\0#5;D


MK[P1B*M66! X*-9PF0FCSY;FZHV]X+B1*/C\O\$!^:-#?&QXJP9R34H$2&UX
ML\:0
Y&#&['A 1OC%N'IC2SYE


MCFFOD3PL2(MIZ6@(

*'_\5\(1_3_BN_SB$(_PE^C!
57
M*;H-5R_1:ANEL1-ZJQ?R^^$F2C&79%TC@U13QI&+D!??X&AW2PYDAV@)M% =
MI5HB%U&Z^YM
0C AV-




MA
Y-6K74]ESSM


(7O

MUY#




C_D8K/3
G.


M5V4$ X?R#9$@G.Y^AV,.J%\ZRV,IU#Y1)O0\5OYYW9%78\M'/P[]27G_V#



M57\V_%:1.RI&%4N7E[5 MDZWZ$5=



7G.O/41/# /Y





MO=$LC;&.[I6^J5F=S.&C5BORU



P:*R(2%&@PCX

*0@D!__]I2#' \J@
MQ;9'(3=PO/\G+0S&X7[W&
W!\VT?/[[.$Z?



J4AJ
:C3D\ZA@9
MY-&7?#T=%]@#VCMDT='W+CF







C[*2*;
N]I
W )3LZ%C)




MS477NH-SJ4O-I1$M=G5]
=Y:LC
$Z'A!/:0K






MGGA[O[E@E'T%HXAYFQ#UA#ICZ#?]%OI)_/#X34RSL ]
^:@M\M* 6AQ
^V2!
M

CKS[P!*1S
MFME]$ M(F[)(XTS66A3/=-P\PU\


A*$:*67AR].FG)5NZ]^C+@CESJRAQ@AO'
MQQ1?K'WE]B-&@SNA




M4LU[
-VI(Q5@DCZ']YSQ^
3A

M^4F-/&YWL,*=!9Z4K&&0::R2V8R]T$C1J]=E.H4&3A;!D0RMTM6G(0&%U&
M


M7BI\/X7=U@BJ?_63[0

M6H5/E6Q/\.V99M

MI%:

A6!.







W!-10*Z*1GY -
MCJ65?
K.6A';DN(RR.IJ:H@RSZK8\);KV*)JO-)3'8JVZ2+CK*7Z^T&5K*!\





E#^3W:G
K:YYN4](I\



MF FM6D_G[.1%QW4O+^X\EDM+7/MV:!D*9[=\'\N771]Z@TM38O%:1G&C4E?S

M.8A83R:Q44[+-(D3)Z1/9(URB/+GLUQZ@^JAY_-8+BV 
U!V=AOU4#YO/.WO

M3U.V )=K3Z*
_ ZVP+FLD!G/AS+$6M5+A)5R5GGQ;!@A*U  5@= \:T0MJ#4
M!YJ!F#













MV80(FRQ
YY7(.?L


SXEHL

]!Z


@B\/J'8P/D


M5N .!4FLD%ER
\(UQXW[ZE9%V/%A/5M^PJ'C(3^#)BO&A@BTK






C(R_I'&+-94_
MRW$(2M']/+%\2ZXRE_#S)D+]G)!ZZ)(1J6=$$$_;6-&X'D.F%M.U!J!KMJ

+=-
+7(T7JC4AO&S]6#^4(E?JJDJKR2:G;-IW4AJ\LK5JWEOGE6D_P
MWG^Y4TRDW9XXP'DZ&?P7EUKNO3FUY0QK59^KF/V9KPL\;#=C;X $T7H;@*-O

CR

F



\?'0C7M):

M_#!5!=S56'U7&=TF**UV1'8+*C+M
XB78(QSP%OM
0XY'-
JN4NP/:4M6)


M)6U


ME Q;6BEH$7HKY+16I10TGNMGSS'ZSC%ZYG+XA6AAY*

MYVO.@!$ P A4J:]Q4KKL^*325W2JP-OBB%-#:^06F#?TJ:T:8Z!^^4TL@:
MSY]BOG]?
]+*R)JHO8
IQP(3FGK@W2SQ_--0@VG[ F=X9.FV45O%QEG


FH;'D)5ODC]@#[-*[1K3AKIR!=T]G[B!'?(B44Y
MBXQ6


M6KW[
CV-XN@SCF)E9O).1O'1YM^3Z&@4/Q8!S+@$M48 9'H:Q=&W&*W3X
Y?
M\SSE



_N%5EMQ;BXLLAOG^ER;E8R
3H+6N3J:H
 /0'G1??@6


MO-GPY70&XYL;9+(A?;\CSZ+(D T)_1V.
VX(#SS'?QA^N2Z62O$R%X77Y?NR



S0787N_&?DG2[P&N*CCNS@
-9A(



XY3O[6CI!


U5L^'


CK.]J#PK5%!#Q!O



QXF_.SV+KU_WY-.CF^C,]#6AV/=



W.;PM(L25E@MX2G^%CJY?HB\


:H&
MYE8HS


55]8O9/0O5)ZQ2S


DQ
MS0\Z-HOF\().X&QR*TJUA/CX[$T7TZT@FFX.



MK7B;AHK#B1=7;H=)* /M4

22HIY$OS=R@XIF*O4=F!<





M^:A:7Q%K0HKX1@=X^FWVGMM2DOI71%\:1-[B&6%B:=:M4 'UHE[3JTO*KOE9
M&^_\GEL\.WY /VR9R'CI[$FKY


M_7BW*1NJ)]]\]1X\'*#_U!(Z
R820F]W#=L70U=@M.G3G$B)O7[^)/M*\0T/

MES9]S58/E(#7\X\J9_0:@

MS&L






MMF-V 
X.0%/\*

(&H^2\3A@]O<  _V
M'#&P+V)@(_5ZWCTWM%I$=X9^)=8.6J[7R_6WT

T1)6
=


ZQLSEV
M-L?.YCPF0P-Y3/%]1LNGP-]D%P'7/\YH-




MK[S?@.Q8C]@#FK3$7B




VX+D:_]XS?.;A3&HCF

M/+A-H6$K+0%29E



M)X$#@0\H\7%FJ-X'3A@/%@@

&^2FOHE:0T6
LDN#R ;%
M0C\3LRD
0_LH^[<-UTEP8T :/X:X5-X'*C-(@9?%X<,D+C&67
MA

VLD.S]IY1^BO@K.29N
[

M T=40LN

^PR'-1U;-Z%
M)EDAC9]



RRJ
M







M?\1





MTA#





X(^:#V$DIZ&$*!Q^5.?AH @=?D$.O

MZ)I6*@^BK?6

M





M






-WFIX.')E2(.K1VTB!A\RYE)I[7OCP3%OQA)X4@U
/N
M;Q^M2]_J$.\[4\*7*5&@)#NOHE64. &Y*ZJ+=(X:SE'#45/_HI@LV ?TC
*4


DTN
/#_)/W.WN
ZHY)GV;4XO

D)$NU



MMZ0#AJ+]*8R#:.

L+1KA#'R

*8E2[(]_T#_BQQ0:4*OV;@H

M#FIKF_R6[I!W0P8@EX


M06CY%/B;W/GVQ7FE2A511S)-@
.$3$\-15TRS6BQ(;=@=F0L0W9\6]A4/QG9


.I:T+M





M^/[)DJPJ6A2'


U63:+#2$Y3BZC
1L059+[6F@8VH)4CZ_^OH(;4!'*0OEZ&ZW <(DR=Q9
MU 








GCOVUCSP*/ZL!TY:7M[=A$N5?
M[YK8F2[M?Q_AI*;UR(J@\SP0TN(L6








MQK)+
K*FY#EW)3H

MXJPAC%U9)Z

M99$56]M;TFAFBC%])##TOD8A/O[SPHG]5JB)WCELE9((J*1O_-FS
PA?M4LN


M


,#(0)YUW?0:\2Q#
M&]S#;7;MT4G:<UG84;A:3A3:+E7PBM?&*6F3L&_JZ-/*+JN_BW: 98*+VU
M-? JOUQ\ZR#.**8OOK\?9X(1KM$^0T/_!(_YF 1KH

=(X@V
M47&Q-'#PM 8S1-/JU 5_DL(HN(X!6TI9'B)G/5
00J\X//\*]Y.$?[\N 257

4T%K
(H*3LC5^3IO25F$$9Q\D#$G*78



MIP(0/_#6015
_(#]H K]^ '[

:@@!?

NU-^*=
MT




MK\(


P2#/H&6LYT4?F
M?*_XAPR3*L/!\/Y
.)U,X(/*^8H^=T+L9[4/)3.*1S2ZOTN









I#P'X.EGY3:41GS@?NEY$=QV1N1?@\M3'@U':5

M75KISZ6I 3([@1ST5U=#[=


8M!RCZ

\W

M'(/[
4!\OA/R;\LY].&=W&^GDA^_0!3W2&0^ZS9]=ZVD0#II93;@E%3YUZ1S
M@..5!A--N75BOH\4L)1MEW!4Q+D4^29RMI;%ID:



(A6FI9)





M8Z@K

MWE*







5[8(KRF4RBQ7#



M;W0M
C Q-S$R
S!?;&%B+GAM;.2]:W/C.)HF^GTC]C_@U)Z=S8J0JR3J8JMF



'

?3G[
'?_BO_P70AW]YB[W*

_RKLXES-IW\]!:O?_B?6.&_1:$/'^ &$!M^2=[W\-]_
 G_S]

M1G/#Q/6[F5N\F9KKXW]@IJT8#-\2&*SA.C
9R^# GZ@@S$&$8K'AJB+0QQP2
M1M40K

MJB




M




EPR@

 ?%-=QX

/#&GTV+..%
 4@T@50&(
M#E H 9=)$GG/AX1
/B0A&N'A;V]H;X&.$!'LWL





1[KL%Y CV)]QU4- 5Z-&TLS8U




M000N40N^93S@ICQPH&CPD6K=DZLZ U5ERT(G^-S




F ;*MHU ;AU(S4MY Y0
--51LGBA(_*85R5%)KM
M8.C!=K6/HN'3&=*;%6P\GSX!2:EC1
A/G-X'X6OWAJN/[[_'N
9B;L]OH\+
M


94D/
M@+RYPO'?^.&W&.Q+7R',8^_FYOYB#:DJY@$FD:K\OF;(\Q5&6+W8/OI#3
^
MNU]X]*!6XJIKEYAUR(L=%$) *L440_3SQJE[LPH9V\WU88^51E7D-/JM8FYD



K'T
<[B:^AZVBO=3S.=ZV,*WE!QA!NR\

AD

J:8=M[4%#J*U:(9H1\\GL

M *8FT;[AJ?^;



;O$).[::VI[6/@YFFB(ZV)K/)13X8SJ4!

M
T8F@[+-5B69^







MNM*EL%B+B%/49E$0.#-G.16DT!W5C=K]-[SEGVA'#Z65H
G&=AOI=)B0B1%K




^0\Y-&9\A4HK
R


CI%J$3

IG
M;/G!


MQ-Y-HG;0=#)3/#N7XQ1BF19 U(Q KHA1N'4$K&ID-(3)JA:I%QZ.0=X]?=


/.Q,#
M[HC MH]/CKQ/&A';C)0:7!O<5XS5)US)N27^]!F#&4&B!+V;#F9CAOQ2<28





#VY)


MA:_;$)2:.TJ'04D*!-'8(_%DM&!\?LNA+*S!7:U4%DLGCH\8)X+@UOBEE*




.;1;)3
U




M#/Q








M7C8+\@:+).;A9KQUKD(T^&I-I5B5KM?/4-DVO.D:@L@6:&Q!(/XQJ$MY8AN
M1QM9 LQBD6&53%)R9P9*\BT]VJ@D D='&]U@#;R2[R8W/W;/ZA;(\D)G6P;
R$TZ S


=Q4D8+[$T.*E7A17AMM24[X32!@NL;74M


M=^X:@N=W?#1O!R




L!WNK*YR8DVMSLH



MLF^6.D NZ$E=*#^H]I

M_)V

'[5PQ,C)-ZW.W42SLH

K1MN



AN%;L6WV7'*SK%#='^??$NI)'C*?C8?<9
ML.AV@-/=%K%LEX\P*PYZ%SNYOL-5KW82T$JRW\\Y\/LHW


M.SW[#-BZ3Y1;F0Y)K
%

M+^YN_Z\ \H)UBMS:2@%#42O_6YT0L_X:ANMOGN\W-R!0


K:!*%
MXF])(QA?/L=)Y*XD6K+B%;/-46Z'S




)WHALH0@ V



M

+F2K:HWG4U;T)+7X[8*

LO FJ9EL(J2MVZ3^!%D$
)'Q&N
=\_2'-#,QN-9[KL&+&I
M\-
Y\M.J

4SHL!YS9[

9+

M4DF.2;TB[VIM\P0
DF@3IN






M


K)^/.SW].RPZ^.HG0F&
L%GW9[/WR'O)V[S0_JWKS;:(7H-M'IV!E/
MT_V[5! F23-90D4^#$I^Y%+

G#GAXYDAYI
M:P&955IUIJ]5]%6^6&


MPJ&*R6._E8$181W?5_A&5LD?0__ KEX@^)(1J/(L$DR4BR4.41FY(]SR8D*'



M'
J*'*?W1F:RP#H5@NM=5#9$6 +4ULQE8)

M&_JDW=VIM'2T;;.F.]J420PLV-



)R. TF%Q!B;3B]%\.1E-QN/J

M



0LC+8%RA0^


MZ7U^*J FRC'\$RULEK8M^'$1E;#


;D/O4?!
P1$-


MQCW;3#0@LBV!ED+/Z:1W*L\JF GE:A/HVJ.CI#P

MF@&BU?@FJ'.SR&J]Y#)TEW7I9?RD9KS1@BV]/'%D/-%3BH61^T7EE2:'S31\


V1Z4A=U')#%720.8&G@*Y9GK#%3



WW#PB]HAE.+#LDV'I6

MLA/
KO$!N@
55AB! BB'PR$K:


UK;
J\FI2]PO) )A#7



Z&M+.5$K-8\^Q8=*X
4&UXW(+T@4(A

M0IUC3A?'AL:'2(IA4+2&P62S$D;0VP:RS0KK+0/-L,4&::=U(!#1=K8KAQ


/VPJCNH1*)26]T\9OTM34Z#*'59[


SG7EJ



M\^-B D?7\#E)N^Z



5]
IJC?
M/
VSOI (J$A0R-0Z-:#2O8DY][CS!I]).!.?4I\(Q/C.]=K_&\N(YI C%T
M9;



07)#E#N]5 AI=_9O2

^




M@.1R0Z'/7SQMC&1S$\33S1DW#UO 5RR







M%:.*#IXZ:CPU


X2V.#RYR&]_;@\NU


C
6<;XB[RW-*.&8(IY;\_%%N8!2)A.D0JM;9
V!1YFO



UW BT&A#63J3#76@T?&


M96U%@VJV$1TL+LX1?EVL)P9A.@OV3
*R]C;H$8A0%^



+AL


X:B2IIQ(5

7


MM+) T)6\8U@C?T/KVG2!S.X 9_O:_^QWZ39-B:2HOVD8K#5S9%JBBQ:
YG](


&-TVB^]@<B?GI*6_1JV'YV1+(]O69X+-PSQW4O2[[D'M_
M5):',<5NZ)U\_G-[KY6S\7I]74F\36-$2V;;[BLR@B.80H5/VOZ9/R4Z5.W

MQ'=9-[UD'#K2.X_G%X[8$6V;MEKW=OAX3YMEY[3Y2=F.*IOV6Y?
^C4
U]\\




Z+


G/
M%MM#CN&B]CR@Q0$2 U=8&(XJDV0K'$M


MTG=W8900SJ^FWHIQ\


\ 'W.R;NYUQD BEPWCB


M1K7AWB!(E5HQ51R
68Y2XN
'
E/P8SI58%FQ)8 )I'$;($D[3?1%+M;E
:
M (I_?Z8$LQAEF273AG F;

%4UCRV8WJE1W*WX)8;.QOQ
M6^[6XP/+M!9*QV1A+



M5PO7](CP



 ]B^

M9)$M\WO#!XL



7[V@[PAOCP= #Z'O
ILG[#]D1F!]!5FR/U-HK


G;)!(=^8[B




M7)J]#)&9*)/HW)







M6X'+-8]U.OP*H^?0@
N3)I_-MK0=&R+^X( =*DO:V#WA9OJHY@L'K_]+8B
MQ[!PG6YZ(*M'&:4NLLVVS_(&2RRWRU^9GMH#

R=CZ2B

FELB X]3ID/M-'
[OI!
#
WDS7





(_OV

MF\FS\1B.2


#!!)'8S/GOOL^63-X1K&J\C;
4]RQZ)=)I.CO& VXI4,'#

M$WFO+J[


M^+PC^VZ*?M3[3A!9ZNZ9Q9]
JE81*!P9S#(GFM/68.5S+5^187S0BR B22

?A0


'OA*I1FKPZ7*P7H3)N2@?H2Q4[ 95(RP
MF


11FH_T*Q=TL/1<WE16_^X)
;2M=+OJ^$8)M
4IB

M;V\'[ 4SNQG7(J$S]Q;Q01*3_VX

CQ?1



  78V7:5R/
M%C\:T%*V ^#



$MHXCT-P]V*#HWH]/RX#V%35Z&C2_5^@7W-OV!;KZIAC^'J
MIVWX^K
7O



*1%GC25 ('SF=
M.(036%
D$@:)%QS@^FX/(V+TI8\2*2 CJRLW?KGQPV^WP2:
=O2O[?V5KA(U
MDT='
\7'UA?3\X(X


[
MP$H
[309/A(\@

M=FW60@!8W=DFC
YBG/!A=#*

A


51\\]0(UK


NO5:JPQ2B^QHN
?6Y6#2AG^PLH28P




M

T2=0M

NWDD6-#)1;.SV==





MC1Q''#XRM3U+:X:GFHXN]F&

B!0)/@P6OI/KR\]ER-EYP
MR##MMX*=FQPB

7T%'BBF&VGL^^*TNM(K
6


7J.'-LTNJI=M)+3R3)7:_


MUK


ZDNZTFD4TP(4:1OGA(AU/*\(^C+(3

M-
)


E.CA+QMWN  LRZ:2
M\4/YWE1(OM5W*[%_G.Z=(5\+IAFDOWIK&*S3TJS7J%OS%'Z$]ZZWOG;??T
V








M$@.NI5


M;B^;=+GNJ1M&HR78I5),&8$3(#GSX7@D7I00.8*+3+Y

M $&K




M=O;S!C$L7RQ\L9PS9_@M*)JNR$&G5'SLD0ZN\4ED


M^3!I\
$PVOHYY


UM5?E)[D9J%:
M3=IY2*GY$K.N%\LR+^&:IYD=E)7P3L2/B+_THZ\/W'F7KZ1SQ55/]=Z063
M%&4PNDXUNC++N$N^G.,H[Q2LQ3V!X/:8T]=_#
7M]G[X#A$A^Z3*:'$%

M4-8W KE%@)HTJOP=8(/0
PEXAPDH;#)+)89#3

M-UYR@[Y2^2^?:'/=!QOMPFUCUU:+95!Z(

M



.RO


MBV?&^=BI)'HNB#;JQCKGO1QR)!W2E^N

(OP6/T(W#





+5(2*'/OE;*9H?UHZ



]VUS#Y^1R%Q[8Y3O9+^@<W#.MD)@L7F:7












8#$#8Q11Q60'[OK3.



0MJ#'D4:/8P=Z'
FL6N870;'1P]]4


$P@3
4RBC/]X?-3W*TU-


MZR[SDZW2


M%0:-.X(@QJXNX34'.[]9E/I8:H)-W%:7M6.;;X]XFW-8C:OH-EO1C/(1)L$
MKTJ?5RS=\'J$?A#D8@@CY)U/C%VYM=GI1(V&-,D3*MM:WQ!*?WO ]W/!R



IW8VZ= D)=FZ;I;$&M5\+()D\/P.B I









MB(D2$& M8'V P N 







CJ]CJ..K-0[**1;][F09MF

N0SK?1\
R[QN6VG(




M6YX5V.Y04G[?O3



TTOF =Y@Q;RO=3Y\KR
XE0:*H@#
?,(R1O7.%8V9E3!@85
M GW7T3!STOW#./09_[I;9A3L:+ SGAIP4'$ 2/@?!3C0XA)ET;&JO2_HG8<



M&P9[MQ8U%

M6QDA!)
VPP9G

V:.8 
9!8'=/6V:NJ:
M2+2#CW0:?=9N]#;PGS^2''7'S(<F'RF,5GFGVUO]*2?JS\]!Z]$_P
9R[UQ







YKC*)EC&@&U0&H*_K+E
MD'%_3[[NBQOABQ7;4.3YSQ?K_SDD=: ZOE_[NP#X:%5()4$YK?8=J624BT8%








M9

M5[SZQ&^)(2B+11F/$].VM*!VA H%QR(4*/T#?
IJ!(2G D2!N@\P
];N&Y
M 3'VPY;YQ.

^:/4)IP[:2@29/
9:X

M6*4OR*1;M)M59
U0P=)


MVK*UTQK@$+ZL
SUV: QR-=C7O68MGJ^][2'&Z\&(+LFQ#=-%Y53&I
H;.RBJ
MD\:LQW5_IQ217=IN9V^2-P()DQE3?A6)K.:Z^#IK'EW',E1[S9D^@5)QTB


Y;V


GF
CQOS7]W3)Q[*'
M[5H.



MZ)W!1)8=G&%HQQU1P$QS,@P;2&L,3_4^^2_VXX;O4QJ\*Z8\%;UVBXRC@1
MY$A'*%$0


Y$6= ?
M#;/

MI-CW%%X!1Y(J2Y]6#DPWQIEE/5%?.SOQ9&6?5 _(;DS9TC?EDXI2.]V:WX#


M&I;'Y[.3TNU*[



!9+DX7BUFI2TKX;\1-2A(]4P\;



M;_QKO








MKSU75

U(;8M



MK[^1U

-
+D







QV[7[6!')]%&:EYY*0SX4#UL?1;?BB

49.7M


M8I^TIC):+;X#C+9


M:*30FYRVCQ[Y;L

M46QR.77_.-H&JXE!(&BE





M&/K)F[
S41ON&





M;2*0_F9WDXB




(P^.7YS^)31)TOPJ&E01MY

FV^SA 3Q@E)Y6#






M0+!!J7!@9.FRF@$L
_692K


MOFDX'Y942_:LX_GR].R
I\A4
HI_!2A.9+/]AA&73D:



8WR!T


6W
M

M)04ZJ(S
RMEL+NL(46F@EV'J


6O^@:B7UUXT/HQ6]_
MQZYP%9Z!F+L551 -HMW9F?S97'0M4N$H#
M%+HZ-QV7Y-]ECT
&_4126*9C40LUA7! X'C28UPP29B06&@F E]9@%(!([!X;D=6Q





M4OF*PZ=@+!-F_([)?'='X=H[6#:H!W\9UQ6+=6S+,C\G'S1BS7Y@?!N[UX

_D]GAM$6#CJ1'?<&Z5BXW\


ZQGF?OB'B(S#5YDPVR#7$K5=!1YR$I WF,2-1;?L9]

%Z)96^RL#6L-%9JS

IXK2H=$D@IT


IU#


5SZ?/3VO&J:]8GY<T=





Q

M[SB*VPODJ(HQC\5W53&,\MFY.7-H*0=Q!I:4O ]ZZ.ZA$&T


(CM%'X'E:W
M8QBPT]=1X*



@ 0I)X\AV$)3


MNS OT+8S-^TCS0K
MZJH




-(I_!2A.A+

M*IS5O$C$HU0^$'^
9[R3&T\0LY0SU
1A=U6XIL??E=P$TT&S0M =77+Q&:.=




M;BD/_)CHLZ6#Q+0Y


+NR8DU 3Z/4*H#HJ&&2EJT
MX!HEFNC%]SEWH8^?W1BO51!NR)

50^+5QS#OV\9-W_$:[_9M
M%T?(OFT)LQ144ND(SY2(H] (L)\;9@N [?! 9HL^CMG4=K;1NR

M\ U%+RYIB'M&Q ZVDD-#_
MBO^I

R)B(?.Q1 C03/AD.
M2C66[Y27Z:WJ^K@(_4S5 )JOA_!ALJV?^&^S#7XEK-/(1V0\T\A&?YXN'551
MJ(^62A_#(GJZ\5_)$US2B0K%)Z.)#65A]#)L2-%0UG#$TN)1G%8.25*LB#R
M_ZF+IIH$*8)+@FU4W#\]ENF7!*D*GPSK].G Y[K9Q]8D:%0?-B9!C7PTI22H








MGQ2%#,1Z&Z#4B%FP3O(@IE!]HA.L@

M1;(=\@_XF0U=14
6X?

M


MH!



:9?&(!)

MK2'6G-4X[NV6!
N.

M8+J?6U)
SZ:!Z6J(]\-TR5568_J1M*JGHRY(LA'5N7KR\4O^KR^L67.3P'5?

MIP'H2G3W@W/141:#^?$%A]C=Q

M;K?1
0<.IV5%%9N3N:B;I6*1(E



M77&$
MJ'3TD\H'0YANTQT]IIM#H'P8E^$HZ3@;L7D=[%ROFMHJOFP1/KE&KV
D)Y



51]!:JZ&Y3M.#R$'D^CJ)K




M0GI=4^@%X0

MNJ



M#Z$

H;YN
AI$0?EJ$AJQ1?R3H6).;N31U-.9E16F0[E:5)R*T7FU;C@13=KU<:$

8#[;6-R];?G\CS\MCTVGGYBW;+V6TP
MC[1=%##[5R7[.^_QL0'W?5$\4SRLY7D]R$MEW-^;]=N\B'[8
S^W:RL?\

)'*&D<51LG9[AXNW;FU)H<QK+-JA'DAU8'WE!
M#'1W=6
]E70C1YE'.MQJ&XE([Z70
27&T9TZT?YU- WQE&6[H%YDL\XU





C*D(I
UP7+






MUBJRD.YX6YP 2!@QCN[=-WKLI?T;%IXS3PMYXPHCGN5QF0F($)1( 1S']3=&
MN 1M 1SJ4=2 @(KA5@2]Q/4238]#0D#YIH73Y4R(!!LNDQALW#20T75WA
@-




M6
9.NV. D


\;1&5FLQ6K-Z.4-8JRIN%FNLPZ:M%T5G!!JUR

^QQ(LPV!5H(Q^=)[/S!KCF


0KYEV_#YU\@M
'-0#F9W2X.':I:)\/

M2FQK=A!/QS
%K;)T;<D&ENJ$:A,?M;L0GGENHNA NP)Y
MSBF_ <8V)37DXW$^=RHY!(DU1BBI0$8GED!OB)$,=/F<Y ;;,?QN3LQ?NI^
6A3 \<(;:R(3O<P[










_G7
M;F3W=HE3=(EPSX$5
&Z(9&G85OVCH7)^TEXBN=A85M!TM]\&;QBGG''K^?B&

Q3MI
;_@R?-^&
M

M*%4(
&:11GZY<4O2?1&_UF(7Y#)VK&9L __

MWI+ ;1
5=?EK3':Y/SQMO16]][UW_J03+, 6[BF43O9^X(7SF(A13E[U@KM
M16DSME&/!A](,!!O!27-V,A$&OS02DB*+.F%HAW\E/8B_;%0)R0AK1P_R



M[(**%;OEXP''L6 -M+\T\YU]7U5E%[;FY_.ED_7\I#5$QW[H%VT/!7F#?
9^
.ZD_\)# #&M3H2S6E2#DWM?0ZJ1;0F+U\.F*;I[\W7S'%+.H+HL[?=
MT1M'O@;;=?/T2/NSID=W(D5D5S^/3^;'LV3LQF0=H0V5QK9G[Z@\PZ
Q/0;-

0$\9V53)Q0/



M


M%?22#^%S)UT;J93LSQHX2G=*9&T@W@@0D$=S T/R+8ZB/]
[\PZ[ ^V;UFB=

.@P7I+RVN3GIL=3I:(A/+S0' L*:$0?\OC






_)IIMZ6
W/HEO'
&-

PEG686^R[='TG;[4+/S31L0F*NC
..QG$M@\ A1R=##4KU6=^.P

MCN;'I
.8%P


M5@J#MP


MPZF;[D
WX+CLATB;L4A:[MJYV_FF%6C
8PG1/ !3Q

N@QTG4(ED:


M'1NPUVX-

MKL7/FDPBP'B8K4*#C31S.!;\AW3[A;K?!K[3J_/\Z_=,9^O_EG^:(Y=5



M=*FMT-

B+NZL;FVA*

M



M8AB^6&.\H_%Y3Z3B



8C'@
XJ0=
M%-)3#V[6DND#6Z
Z8E9QQ-VF#L:T'40;*NQC@SC=-:HS&#?=XBCZ

M]O
@\'9[=T7&
#X*6\/&=.E8$S&BPR^4[V///Y!?T!(\KO!.^#%W3YEPUJ*;


U6:(

[RZ*E@+SZ$






[%KK=MJ3%:^+/Q*;:\;=F:E+/%_'B9





M&^:H&P:%F[9D3^@(('QX(6;WT9)/\+G^Z'#VRI.-96W*;K/;.H:5=&@:Q/
ML\/=J4QVM1U*I*)4+' A&JT&.P

XK8+NYJ?-#^OWJ2&9'PLSX^79XML

MF54L243!SL(/-\OI89:AR?DVN!3FZ84^@.GF7K%_P/24
M^*??Y.OY[O;J$


/QDFY\Q[F4TJH&4F
MGGV/=L+WP=9;O4D20LM[YF$O5D8A9,_.R^ N#U7SZF?QKXIU&5[$*KT$
M(!5J 4:[ [0!B1U^ 

M_74BQ8(8%\R@%(S4
0(




=/81)]+!.S
MA'WXEP6X;@2_D3%V&/SR;WPVX.8Y70N,VYXWCN46960W-#OGLY-9F@B#ZVH

92C3;;^HT9Y:;DTN$G[;6;:;3]-6@^D\Y-*4=J(0;H'K0*)ER_(9%)[NJ
M3QGN&PM-*TS]GI3GK-E]SW#=7V\;G)(-_D@VM-2FU?,E\CIBT#UT0[A7N^.J
MF3KZW@M_?7VQ^N?!B]AA'#(*GC0=%_;J(7T)I_EZ?%)TL?^A[O;_]<U*L@:
M=QPG[&XU6

4?DL8)7A--5YG _

M!TI:9
21M(D*C5K



M$.;I#SHA^?3\)


M2N) '

M($G)7%#GEP4FRR@Z\#NPHA\17JL.0UO?AJ&U-I44IE\6LP:NRF4C*MQ&TM%G



T-WGC5T
M^HQ;U
6



MFUU@RAOC=6!2)0K7GK+;3JDBJ*)A8QCW*-\_:KDQ78GWAWB*9/T
=%EUN;
MYR:-

!A^4M!0!3;S!B+*EX +

MOA#V(_9AZ*33YX#/N[)1??\BOF+,*0V,;:[V&Z3U[N-OF#52DDU6
U^Q6Y
MQJ N
%1ESD%8R3ABF=8AML

MJPL]:%E-(ABY*JFI
)WC-

MK*.H7E@1$XVZ4V'I@@YF%?F@X140P-?U4%BS/3FO(YI-'=F'U:%V\MF?$EO9
M


6LJU1K U4:
C4\,VTJ/GXLK


M/6G%JXB^]'T_^EM(&O92$:],--PHJ^9;Z9

M.F=LW@-D;'7I;BD]/;Q@'-/Z
]DUH_U&1\8T@6$94^;)[S=PCI
UDE0WQ)4[

2PQ5\])7[J1
MMZ+%WODA=

MEV!MRSK72'ZKK7:9\!L\LW32XY5VC\

5!
6

M)T@[5

M;O?M[V;3)-@T8]Q3B

M'-RL]S!VZ

DHGJX&J@[S=+0!
@C4

E_]HBB46TFBNQX2*Z=\,XK_E:
MJ'6K0&J:VH$A-CW*RR/QY+AAHP'7XB-3 ^5ZIA
-4$NO1
SC$M%FXOUB2UD



K:9SRT:PZTY0Z@[PQ*D2(]=ZF_
M(J9'+W#6



L&(2RY?DPY.)+KLKM%%#[O-([D[@)OQVN$U8%12(OX6^$&J
M)%_![+



MKA)MH!8R0=Q76^]
YR'8Q5ZU0T6L7510!5V^);]
M0%G9 N\6B/J1J]^%'OU


MDY/4OT\%'C%
Q#QW287:



;CG9OF)TT56.#^IRH@D_-L5C3+*;RZW:R




M8AM+#0=E%V





M4@DAC9;#Q#U;V






M%948SVR) UC0U2/ZA&\;)(5.@\'DELA\_H)]DM%N+_SUQ7KG^1[MG4EFFY9R
M%X:#U



MZ!\AWA[ZF?QKP2A^?#=I26$L8P
!3'K00I-K8?C!]X+P6Q!C\01 _H11)&?-

%.J/B




ITV2R+_]'1Q<K:
MZ@U_)58@EYN!GJD=:$T,01MZ<3%;;7UW7:7FCP?4AZ96H,0,Q.Q@P\+K=
M]\)-[@
ZE6ZWV;
?)3S[3KIEZ8[&8'\M]\TG-777:?SG(-Q@+Q8.7B$TF
+$







C- .Q8^)/WD VT_&.M;LFT)QIZ
MNG)W=+=3$.Z%TUN?HC=
'Y?CCZACK[$SY[O:_+U]+MR];[3^N& /OJP/_
M*[


[Q]4V&J^KW#?D#C!/WQB;[:D+V[AG_/19=1

ML

TLN2*:Z

QQN@G!'#T3<9W?@Z%Q#Z&QK*HN478;(%I8^/SY=:OK










97G7RH
Z!5/L'FG@W
FIYDGH[T^PV




M$K9 
X@U(7BS92GB='FV+&X8T]+G*75Y1^S066X
*EB#?J;VC'/A9.NJTM0^
MHN;$93(?L7MA:FI?4L^UH\:_I+%5



[&GR/!?
&T(S.@GE]/_(4)SW_BB-J




M!IO9IE
CN]3[ZS/]L5BWD0K'






$;





M4N[]03\D70NK[!OA:@4+/A)1R[NELM=B#):6N!SD/X*BQ_HBE)^I\)ZL[
0*

44)+8+XU
M7&YB]NDM'(C90H)3F


M 8/



.
MZ5_]8+



L!$?PC11$[@?@




3/]7#@P+@3;R)U4UB
MFMFHZ.SH;1MKFW;GJU1\$=B7
7-S+/);#GSEKI)=_1MWZ

M;0502
&W_PD4W+CE7G.XK0Q+
8F16@)?L(K]W]((Q1NT)K0FWGW?\9;)@:C8
M%/EAV




6G'8$SBXZCS#RR0[.U3I!K[A3 +/E YG9DXZWK2!4:))*V\)G5G*!



M%*2]$V7BI&E



M!I@G8=P^&:=%N%4
]K%88?R\F+?C]@SDR@'77H-RU0063 *MH_T#I;8*.&

MLFLI'.0%70$2
8


M.$M?-0Q+LU4U9
Z14_


M 6 F(^-2O3Y?

M+
H^#0KM4]B^-COO[B-171]FVE=C9&1G?1W$OA04)-#?'4W7\-\ZV=0CC=IE







B+^_\N/=YWWX=AMLP^C@R]Q1+OFV4=A*F22;KN=8:8[:0C(@H@&1
M#4K'9CM'L%YK^;\-8K7^S FQ[CHY<=-L?BS7<@J9745L?(AM U81BKYI6
W

M65;'JA*9=X(F83 T'&6KJOC
5-S\.(&VG]O^E@F\Q;AH^Y29@DF4 +SYMF



-H(CPJ0GTS7UAA!



8Q^WI#?_[^WT 6VL:
M#9-GNL\QQ%C90CRS^6+.BSA.)[].)I
_@9@J 0'1 C8I'7!X$V]JN.=@SGM&
M+#  5$@&@%79A.0)4K!4/N #6S+%@&D&6+7%6DP&@^654Z46'9XJUDLX
M:2&.O(
P.+I6.@8H(?LW;X


I_[N!C*XIE?_\WD4I


B]:K[+




5A?1:S*87RW
9
G&*0M0]E& .


3T :3-$H?M\/BEA



8FL6* DQBD






TSVYLN8S]O@!IW;T0!

M/_L0LB5


R$XK]^AP'8I!&)G@^.-'2
I!VDC%ZXD^ 7

M^ $&_I[4L%P%F]L ][9AG*S6ZRB%&[7V6$JB_2Z7C)D*T[J+[IY6J4AWKI-N
MB


M?U2%.T$O*A:K3&IZ



LBQY7*#


*L





M#)[&

\T B('C10


M; V\#1[]?6W5J8\$PQOD%
V3W2=T?CGS+MBFMR(9_6HR1EDR1D7A)K+_E.@Q
MNX-MUT$]&JC










K@-UU&\RXG^[AT:


M;ZGO.H%TMHXGSD.4^&AY7@9.DOAK'W@RF*(-/R(KTB:IZQN#S=.EDVQO@N@U

M@RN0N+&_1TMBN;[($DAHDBP\+U\D3B#E4A'YF#P.G[+=SHD/$&)_$\(5[SIA


C@@'6?P: ;E0F39J1]UYLP/7*E

M-]W0= V#V[4'PI%W!M
G!UHE?V3PP(EC9V26V;\[#-_-*_(6PI_F[_%;I'[;
M^
\!.![BUTGJ[]9_M 2E6X%E_@OMV ;PE89\$=?!?*N$D&(VT8]+Z%3@;G
X\R.#</0(H+#M0GFA%#0&FT/:AP;A[ I ^3%&

?S+)O3_!%Z]

M
KMZ2)2!F]P94JKD^=K0/.+_*N\X%?FJ4IYE*[UZDS T&LW=I68UL%
P^
HX


MQZ=O4!I808Z._SDTVQPDZ(/&.





Z?.]=O;I!YP$
O=]@(;;\L+=G6;%8&9T;B
M^5IX&SR?10CSX3!W@Q,WQF.K]/_;GSUXEJ?XZM!N7[_N:X#]\I1'S' (



N2BDA\1%TC%


OU^C8


I%E^U(

M

SYGAK@8./YN@(
QEI8W!2
L%O+PP']]22L*#]/Z^B]Y.*0
M_^42+OY-%

BOO&





MCPW

5UN+2R#)^1R%4)Z.TM



8V@&&Q%! Q_).\E6MD--U$YU?5
SZD[H'QVP.#P))+99P5(4J)
MG@ -MG+ZT3/T
QT\CW2QD+ZDAL'A] O4[PU]81;AAY7 ^A E:7P
1*L*J(PD


M(8$/3$



G)R]1

MUWC*7V158K

SN%


M;R4]
S':



MDU)O#8]+ N*GK910O)KZ0N4%F(G0,F&O)T?Y@Y9*-*;?OPP=E;5W5
-(U1






=%9J%\ D_XW3X=%LXG1J5ZF7D9FQ78Q:_U:Z@#


/I2+?XVN
MB+!OUN)C=1BO
 H-=I#9K V\@I<8=+W $[K.9JG<VV
@^

M]+A@53ZS9+.IL3+\$=!R-
::O
UY*HH=P+_'P$F0U)W_;T=*0D#ZX8'2PUZ9+Y/I&R./E^S



IY?K/<'Q_=NPTMG
M[\/W4
HA







(!




L]MT4

?4!85Z
M_N2AP#ZF+BA@I


;0R
N
7I
[K__^F =='HXB*T/WL&5E9XXFDK1RZ:4

A
?[1YJ.5C&'CS7XD-E9^OFX+R'

8LS)VUD\+;H@YO%G9

X2P;
MC6


T)C


MV#G#QQ8;)U8==LZXXF

A.




M''2'


M:[B&?O+]_4


M:KAH# $\O*%]GR:^^X1P#67^EX O&+[X(B[!7)0)LP'Z7TEB0 
?!G56#9


M;M@\ @_L]N4;BYOU9F\E1=RP6%
O4FH79077







LCS3K(

M

$/UM$J0];*2M4 2R2P]

WC^*%WX21^DBL
..$_I_YJD%S%@6^YY1/[N:*6J[+L@A.<#S%SC(%GL:7

:;FI
M3TFC/V,I'20HFI<GK;^?G]T2

H#(A-U:2/?@%QZL
+=W/]AIR\R F?SQK*
M@
O#I<)!L2.<VQP#J^;MW=O1CBMA<AI&D-7;RU4DS)+/]SA8PFEM11B



#K59

^![R([J!




3$K

M2OA@0U]JJ
RZX_M!)9[+IL;3+#FA'YXM[^D:(K/DAIY+CB-37XV@@'2A=?%(

B4&F.!AX*!


M?19PY@QN8&=?/P9+QOPV0=$C[Q\#1SMTX(W06D#//O$X$YQW$/YP'R
M#;(L#%1_(B5CXGART:7B1;#JB,YB=&5H\40XXHTJ_#[9/%CH6H\/IL\6*.
M3ZXP^]%B1DO)4
'TDX5I[$QOJ_6.AYI

*5&JWMQM3R!XO$&XR
M];V?WWP

MJ.

4? 2N4N7HP=J@P2VT&

NJH\]]LH81L^RF
%I



M&;T2^ O!6

3IW4;




3/43*L%


MD


MPNH1[*

M&4#8_]5A8[F'GJ/10FJM![$-J35E2L[D2\&0VJ.BR0;3ZC(EYUI@&V^KR]Q@
M]=
V+'?HZ9%CS#6]\*2.\]1M=NT5VFMGI6M6^!3NO2)];9RUW.E@LPW8N&!-
M)^S
0-$OB#A*G6#N

MLDCYD*7;7!3NW


Q=M;&^\JZ9FKHFFEHGEWKFCFQ

MGBOY2LAM%E[YD+


MK^U

M-!H/!:E[A3NYFB@U!O?A#(W!^8


]
M

62^MBST;R#SHULRYJ-_-5ENGN3:8'

5EF1:K6VM3LT

K&&W4RUHV+8SX./:L#-U3J=(HWT1;1/(<
MWQHDH5FX?V1^DDO:R=-5X[]J^?LV7$?QK@!'@=ML9=)MTH;^&0-ZV$AW/Q5.
MP#BJR!$=I-::4%Z4R/9?P!5\PRW7C5](4;R<@VCYYF2KINK.Z7!'!5!E]'N
MV0^=X]HO:'L$ 4H3=1DEQ)!.C@$TX0\EP/*]\A!?Q4Z8%*=VUTID&D(3'A_B

?NLW#'6VNA9MF\.YAQD/.Y_3%[A&\


;Q8Y2E;@:U1C4NG _*ZLU)2D
MPZJ?NE=_[4S'D[6I=&' U'3W7Y;G(PXRMJ=
+P?=%Q _1Z;BQZJ6
-UGEA4_
M;EE1S)WUYP*X$&R0QL 
Z 9_-_7R235ZETM\T)ON5SH


ML:2L*GVZQN2
.3YC2;60EEF:I$Z(?/QNX:G^#&5+-$Q_-CN_
#S3JZ@DA9^;
MNJLFMO(Y^.Q8?P .8J\]T%2%$-T!\.U4S'B]MTH)J$(
)%_BZ.S


^
&LN;SO3\



M
W'QP<&E?-PC9
MQH^JX,63,'6,Z[(68]Q?S:]-'[FRWN@HN%7?FCIJ]=91=R%UTV DRF,]M@?




MB;*82+*LD974 (DC%P ON8FCW2V\5!PHZ:!DQXAJAO!XYNZSC(G3P];:
VAJ

MXWE:](I\
2KL@


3WL;(2!*()D$QGY
M]=@TW

M01$V*


QY.[?T!I9Q\ 2/XQ


]**UW@&96






MO&*1V D-9^G/-2*OJ]CQP


V95U+53N9\92NG\TY1P6ZG[G7

DB!HFR
MB:20C<_T [*'X;.);8?VO2@C3/S4A.;EG7']/6$

+C;8-
MWO1Z038P1S5Z7





M&O2N4
$!TRKL7'T*1



DC2


MAB+**FOD8H&.I



P;U6VP;3@F]FY55?OU09=['*C7A)C

MEOXZQ84L

M0V\VET0-4E=EWWP


*V=1.]!0+-VDC)%5(%*N

0&*5T$*=?1*R^O2.(U? 'I?ZABRS=YD\DBO

]





M_LXO! E.B'I]:;B#HD7


&\






E=
:1X7Y(:%

%7A8@

M 


MX




_7_Z4(B^#?4[EIBJ5!HQ0#/JI22VA^PR]14IQ/2E=












M

K*R6=6(+FN:
O
#%HO1)7VS--2DZ9XQQ\M]UMJ<()1UT
M#:9];8^\H*L$0/44V*<U^Q0P9*:K@;7/XT'%?U+FY7H[.MV;/T$+IRXG@_[

M/
)L
27$K+WJ[9-XX..L

@?X

M(9_&+4A]%W+2WS;=D_B4SMB[:]AK



MS;/USY#5E\95646(#.
P'YS\:GSTD]]O8@!N0WB


7*\=[
MO^K[L&H\I]P4HI




MS+3/M&$7
OW34\3T)HK7P$?U&)*B

[D?3%&?A

M70KN7-:O6V0'^KK*5=OC)4?FCO22^S30FU*$DBDB7I0L+03CPG@:H3_I\[B7

^NN:SI%G+K]
MXRQ]M*]XC81HUDDS



1DVYQ3OY[4^M-NTPC6S<&&7)*^#=BIFJZ3$Y 6JW]G!2Y]9LW.L(ZC?Q'0








MI:%-04

M93
&3$WWH+;NZZ9Z7!/W08GJ)XNJ]6.?E=8)*SST\F2?V@


U&@W1KPX%)!?!DZ2L.DNV$=2]BI/





.3GMIQ

4@__..JYQ8IA
M226'M3?9(]A'
6RZN88=T@






]
3
MG\\-@$_Z

M;_$M/'I3WT
0^B_@;@9Y-('R?6;&V20,O26AXW0P9ZE9;BIIL&DG7RTF#AS
M-ME%64CRP9(SM@K'K)Z47QSP ] =@?\X@01/%/6RH7K3FG &)[X3F?6SFXZ


.*0Q#N'
M+D#





XHG61( \1EE:^ D]@?C%=PG6
M,&I3597]DD?P L(,D-$[;:76W$45ILL?V6Q:[


&J'





M!



I9@

6MKD*HL

[^ZWO+F+@\*GEL#$8

M $&2O^E*;$9 *


M



WB_Q%&2L+%#Z*0HK43TZL!-
M=1/%5U'VG*ZSX)S



F)'/ M/%
LY%





MDT/^8HK G%
4 +N$Q 1=\\8[0O?13!N)9.A*T;I&S4S#B1AJ\C3--;YF&ELD


SA0M@



!
8$!M*
WXO#5^??
 +GOVB7&&[2DG,6'WGF#?W^$&2/86]W\ $XA3P
M;'T4YI0\V8.T-PFMAQ(K#WPI=6T:;=1%.KK@9T3_TXG]*R92EV1P.NGY1+
N,)0\BEDC4VT) ;
M/H[M/W,'1FUBIMR$



-LC!-'IP#4ARC*ARN

_]4%2Q\VSM%94QKJ3KLLL1DN+I#WE&$'%


^8CDYJ HAR*)/JO'

MRP?74FD6I&[L3PIHD6\ T]46G%@Q')*F*R3X5Q?E:C1=Q\ )%NG6
EUCP D3

011\N

E+'&7[V]#%7B'X-DJT^&](



MQJ@\$B3Z)/B?J.*3U$^HP(CKB&;LI-+7@-DT7?FP8%2N1Y^3V9Z^'08O)N^
M& QPFIYDEFYZ;-= Q9AY@ /7M-

PN+1--;WR*YL%S)GU]2$

MMVJ0S%2
]#F?

M-5ASD!SQQ:JDV?MJ




M?
MCC'39#)$


M*XLZ@.'\_?9) P[/[.\VF1Q3.K/6V
E7)\W0L8U*/9U0T]5:)V*T6)'#)MJS




'#] $WO,_'KI[&&K](!3CHL.I1KJBMC+:+?S4Y9CGK6WEIQUQIKP
MC* +AU^=-W^7[;K6J= 0.M0DM754;9GDHKL.0%_9'#_7;\@88=*
;:M!E1W




M+7W;H3#O.)_GLH0ZE?
4G


'=3[&5D?
ZGS=D%2ZI]3Q4^%9?;O7E5E^NI[Y9JRI<ABB_KST0$I6\C1^5
MZ]E'+3ZE0+YE%CFJMU1SYDQ_7W9(


M2R%EF9]LT1\OHR0E;;+N?M8?B=

:H&




F
M;BH 1L\
L@QK71&'NU-MI3*)KWWKURA=Y+4.D+U5;#/SCR1:OQJBO+4IT_0O


F@SE8!!8
MT$%U!V[#%Y#DKS5BB@9::Q6*6?C W(,P*19RZ-68,3L6\(R@RF:?BQYP]D%







MP#

M&_)=93IR#(^!D]12-

GW;EX5)8V.J+_)PB KH_TSU
M21X%9+I)R%0/Y5&@9=/;F^JQ/ K$ F8P4]V;1\&;8&0SU0-/@OZ

\2B&9J47C$<Q-%<Z
ML]F7^3$S%S
?QFJ1W*1#R<A'*BA(J+ZEN';27Y:0Y


O!1'Q1XCZA

@UR7VN-FI@]C$#J8E2+#QHNP]

M;IS#:2=(E(5GOAMNCZAY#*BF._#T
R9T1
S0@A0%O%+W &*(#L0XG3&H0M9
M4R/IQD\];PU-7QN##;2DA3






MG(0$$
3#3+ML 







L:)P
TA


T'9K1)L+Y&KZO<-++






3$1839 BDA
@W@.


M[76/TF 7%=.4_)I[8; ]!M$.ZWV/8?S]%U@WC%242H;6C


?1!D!K??L*Q#

GHYH!6A/

*Y%*Q$?)
[;:W%4
MK%9(D(M[^+E$/$([_$G[,1\MHHX+D(@S+[07Y,M;94;YGF9RK@3&5JT/TG8
M_



WE@O-=!-X%1/@R(A.\P/?KC(W ^9
^^
V+XQL

M(;N 1UV?]@?/NGBRJ\63C5SJ

=T8RF^/OL1I^
MZW$
YK9;+'$



/9@(-#X#W&L9_^




M#[&]]R#SPOIJI#\W)S36\X!\#G+NY]R#4R=#:/D6!KLRCO*+]P/K9B#@%?01


4B8G8W!3:J3(KI8.J)?#%RWUQ2.V0Y'FOM=&#W 9UN^6V_)] @T

ZQ=IG:&:C-9Q[ABT Z-T38'N8NCA[;G&I[&+LX9F/#

M#^M@8SO8QZ6-LFFI$4(G;
<7RK7S,5EP*,PG/T=PAL MZFN#!!
D%2&#.7V_:7C5FNU-Z_QK! M@#X[0X(3K.[.,1G:0)7'XO?D</KQ::])5^


M&*95PO9P2@8^7

M%Q\U 3ZV/TH\
\Z?[;ASDXF=VO $=#%XL1Q9'L@. N-OK//UDP])KDDJ%?
M3)+73*\4[$3#=%_SP\'##Q#P$T#X8Q@4EZW&$HO.J8=$\SBV+49ZRK/
KUX


MIZL?



P8\N/$EA4+*SK2=)3/T
Z0L]=O-TB

0ZT

W]_9W9S=330R3XXO

M
<2TO'MZBK*XG+V'[1;AS8!6
M<5)D4!:$0/H[.M B+%C*44GK81 'U N9WL<,+<2%1W+!QG L!3=D2?$?!)E


M.VFZDH#@*K)=DN(YVIH$UI2%


!DXOHMK5^RK]Z!U8\(J&YEI*6
 S<?08]#K'EX

ME)]
N#\F9:$L N0D(W@A_]%28S_MT+)!C[\BB(0OD&#1.D]1GG]/5[OXSP%
M@77]'?Y^Q'V(.4]4C:R=R3A/+L1D.[)*)M?0+WB(3B5YS$+..J1P[M(YM


!CL-=

O7I;C??D'\H9\

]L




M)J
RR#BY'^ RF9L]\O

MDGU88 !7:I
8'P K*XZR +[O-P55RZ3G.$L^+GHTV.0K L+7W@_0!O'9O7G=
MPSXG!1


MP!!G9RU\)4 7T+
-B



M




M$NK(7';UQ0T[-W8Z4Y1#SVWFN;%385$ Z!BSSXU3;92;@6YD5!_SS4 *
&4$

A
MW^T&=(2TH*GX


M/9$\LY]V;AIU?7 Y@8*?!G[U#QXF18;3P_L'$!#Y*^^(U1)\&*WC!5IY@7_O


M73*\#T

MSO45
&0^LOV) DTG[ZTF@AYL_1JBZO_]F/ S+=7VMT L59=X 0KYDFQ/!B2$





]OM$#0_(0V=QJ33E(Z;.T)
XWV-U.S7$M$I
HKNBALC:JJ*2YW5'9+_UB<CCH1QK<W% \&
6:'@

;JI8.3=JW4


M(Y@W$8P 9\[.EYF
^TJ2*S/IK+T?MVF*LF%90FH(O=



MU]9#9


M]T10NEZR'P
W[VNPBXK'B%%VCK3;L&


XL&Y
M4D;;P
E9_#

 K?\_0WC

ORV3G1<'?Q:'=D]0&
M;$_#1BIQ(\%EOZFEA!C(ZR5E18CP@3&!&5!4LSV*O0B^A'
W5T+;TD

DUV

L?@BC EA1,8_5.@?/BEAQ,!]_%\]1Z/]=.N/:Y
M*O4TX.NK@ZO?4K3</J19</RLP0&A$;3





M;SRAV2J5SV:JJQREKWN$LL)9Z@?EXFQGE?W06 

M\%=
@2'#B=EPWN/L[/.;





?@.VUUV(OM
[%1M/+




M;Z8
7+]_(!@DIP
M. 8V!8]Z0^IZY+];R_

M!5NBX

M2[FSMN





M#S-E!+F'G@0M%$2Y63!C^W'


B7QZC:12;?A5+=2-W'YFVA$P$ 7
MO3Q\\;+JT?MRBX/





K#YED1/IX?\J(:81$_





= ]$:


$




#$W
3(S
YX;6Q02P$% 

M@ 4                0WY P!C;W0M
C Q-S$R
S!?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( &&7$P3(])ZI@D! *.4#P 4                59W! !C;W0M
M
C Q-S$R
S!?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( &&7$PD3;;2IJ@  .:G#@ 4
M                2Z!!0!C;W0M
C Q-S$R

..!@ & (0!   &*@8    !
end



