

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-14-000100
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20131231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140331
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pulse Beverage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53586
		FILM NUMBER:		14730240
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-382-5476
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Darlington Mines Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207






 2013








SECURITIES AND
Washington
 D.C.
20549

&nbsp;[X]&nbsp;  ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2013
&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;  TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
  1934
For the transition period from __________ to
__________

THE
(Exact name of registrant as
specified in its charter)



  
  


  




  


  




  


  



11678 N Huron St
 Northglenn
 CO
(Address of
principal executive offices
(Telephone
number
 including area code)

Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act:

Common Stock
 par value $.00001
per share

by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp; 

registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a
non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
&#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and&nbsp;&#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

  
    
    

  
    
    



by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act).
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

second fiscal quarter
 June 30
 2013
 the aggregate market value of such common
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $36
841
000 using the closing
price on that day of $0.79.

 2014
 there were 51
720
596
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued and outstanding.


ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31
 2013




  



























  


Item  5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
































  


Item  10.Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Item  13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence








  







  



  





 I am happy to provide an update on the exciting  progress we have made in recent months.&nbsp;  Aside from further establishing a foundation and growth platform for our  company throughout the past year
 we are pleased with the excellent response  being received following the launch of Natural Cabana&reg; Coconut Water and  Natural Cabana&reg; Limeade
 in addition to the new face of PULSE&reg; brand of  functional beverages.

 was an important period of building for the future.&nbsp; From a financial perspective
 revenues grew  45 percent in 2013 over the prior year
 and the company&rsquo;s net loss was reduced  by nearly 10 percent. 

 our financial results are not yet near the  level of performance we expect to achieve
 our distribution network and product  lines are gaining significant traction. &nbsp;To  date
 our lemonade products are sold in approximately 20
000 locations
 which  is an unprecedented amount of listings when you consider the short period of  time we&rsquo;ve been around as a company. 

 we launched Natural Cabana&reg; Coconut Water
 selling out of our first  shipment of 14
000 cases prior to the beverage&rsquo;s formal debut at Natural  Products Expo West
 a leading tradeshow venue that we attended in March. As of  today
 I am pleased to report that total orders for our coconut water have  reached 120
000 cases. 

 including Albertsons
 Walgreens
 Shell Oil  convenience stores
 Kmart stores and 7-Eleven franchises
 among others to be  announced later this year.&nbsp; The reception  has been so strong for Natural Cabana&reg; Coconut Water that we anticipate sales  to be equal to or greater than lemonade sales in 2014. Please visit http://bit.ly/cabanacoconutwater to  view a video about our coconut water.&nbsp; 

 another product that has  less seasonality than lemonade and is garnering attention on shelves as  consumers discover this refreshing alternative to other flavors.&nbsp; As clich&eacute; as this may sound
 limeade is one  of those beverages that make consumers&rsquo; mouths water. Our limeade product is  absolutely top notch in taste
 quality and value. 

 we are in the process of introducing our newly designed and  reformulated PULSE&reg; brand of &ldquo;Heart and Body Health&rdquo; functional beverages.&nbsp; The is an exciting development for the  product
 since it will have gender- neutral appeal and great taste
 as well as contain  liposomal technology developed by Baxter Healthcare
 designed to significantly  enhance the absorption of vitamins and other vital nutrients. The rollout for  the new PULSE&reg; is slated for later this spring. 


 introduce new  products
 and deploy sales and marketing strategies to increase the reach of  our beverages
 we believe the Company is well-positioned for a game-changing  2014 that will vastly improve our bottom line and ultimately enhance  shareholder value. 

  exciting progress in the year ahead.



 Chief Executive Officer

  PondelWilkinson
  Judy Sfetcu
  investors@pulsebeverage.com
  (310) 279-5980

  PondelWilkinson
  George Medici
  gmedici@pondel.com
  (310) 279-5968

CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

desire to take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Annual Report on Form 10-K
(&#8220;Report&#8221;) contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect
management&#8217;s current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements
made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including
statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or
developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the
future
 including statements related to potential strategic transactions
distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
 new products
adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to
continue as a going concern
 statements regarding future operating results and
non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the
words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221;
&#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; variations of such words
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the
exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean
that the statement is not forward-looking.

should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are
based on management&#8217;s current expectations and projections about future events
are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties
and assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual
results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical
results as well the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these
forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether
as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.

our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations
 may
be impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the
following:

  

  
    establish new
 and maintain existing
 distribution arrangements with
    independent distributors
 retailers
 brokers and regional and national retail
    accounts
 most of whom sell and distribute competing products
 and whom we rely
    upon to employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
    including re-stocking the retail shelves with our products
 on which our

  
    successfully implement our PULSE&#174; Heart Healthy brand of functional beverages
    including our sales and marketing strategies relating to the distribution and

  

  

  
    additional equity capital and to generate sufficient cash flow from operations

  
    to use our cash and working capital resources to efficiently finance the rapid
    growth of our business
 including building inventory levels and financing

  
    adverse effects on our existing shareholders and our stock price arising from

  
    to manage our inventory levels and to predict the timing and amount of our

  
    third-party contract manufacturers of our products
 which could make management

  
    to secure a continuous supply and availability of raw materials
 as well as

  
    Rising raw material
    fuel and freight costs
 as well as freight capacity issues
 which may have an

  

  
    Our continued ability
    to maintain brand image and product quality and the risk that we may suffer

  
    Our ability to attract
    and retain key personnel
 which would directly affect our efficiency and

  
    Our ability to protect
    our trademarks and trade secrets
 which may prevent us from successfully

  
    Litigation or legal
    proceedings
 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage to our

  

  
    successfully against much larger established companies currently operating in
    the beverage industry

  



discussion of some of the factors that may affect our business
 results and
prospects
 see &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&#8221; Readers are also urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in
our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including
our periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and those
described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may
affect our business
 prospects and results of operations.



annual report: (i) the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;Pulse&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean The
Pulse Beverage Corporation; (ii) &#8220;SEC&#8221; refers to the Securities and Exchange

Act of 1933

Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to United
States dollars unless otherwise indicated.


Our
Business

are a beverage company based in Northglenn
 Colorado. &nbsp;We were formed in 2011
by beverage industry veterans for the purpose of exploiting niche markets in
the beverage industry. We have developed
 in-house
 two beverage brands:
Natural Cabana&#8482; Lemonade and Limeade and Coconut Water and PULSE&#174; brand of
Heart Healthy functional beverages. 

began production of our Natural Cabana&#8482; Lemonade in 2011 and since then
 and
with this initial product
 have developed a nationwide distribution system
through more than 141 distributors into 47 US States
 Canada
 Mexico
 Panama
Bermuda and Ireland. After establishing a nationwide distribution system were
able to secured listings with regional and national grocery and convenience
chain stores such as: Albertsons
 Kmart
 Food City
 Gelsons
Sprouts
 Safeway
 Whole Foods
 HEB
 Save Mart
 Walgreens
 Kroger
 Price
Chopper
 7-Eleven
 Winco Foods and HyVee to name a few. We have been in
operation with our first product
 Natural Cabana&#8482; Lemonade
 for just over two
years. We have expanded this brand into Limeade
 which started selling on
January 15
 2014
 and into Natural Cabana&#8482; Coconut Water
 which started selling
February 21
 2014.

 originally
developed by Baxter Healthcare and previously designated with gender-specific
formulations
 will be introduced and marketed in a new
 non-gender-specific
formulation in the summer of 2014. We believe the new formulation will have
significantly wider consumer appeal.

 produce
 market
 sell and distribute our
brands through our strategic regional and international distribution system
 which
includes over 80% Class &#8220;A&#8221; distributors such as United Natural Foods
 Inc. and
distributors for Anheuser Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
 RC/7-Up and
Cadbury Schweppes. 

principal executive offices are located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
Colorado 80234
 and our telephone number at this address is (720) 382-5476. Our
 Information contained on our website
is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We completed our initial
public offering on February 15
 2011. On April 11
 2011 our common
stock started trading under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTCBB operated by the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 Inc. (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) and the OTCQB operated
by OTC Markets Group
 Inc.
Overview and
Mission

to be one of the market leaders in the development and marketing of natural and
functional beverage products that provide real health benefits to a significant
segment of the population and are convenient and appealing to consumers. We
have an experienced management team of beverage industry executives that has
successfully launched and/or managed the distribution for more than twenty-five
major brands over the past twenty years. The team has excellent relationships
with distributors and buyers who supply thousands of retail outlets
supermarkets and convenience stores.

beverages divide into a number of categories
 including energy and sports
drinks
 teas
 juices
 lemonades
 bottled water
 coconut water and functional
beverages. These beverage categories include a host of products that are
fortified with vitamins
 minerals and dietary supplements. PULSE&#174; is targeted
at the functional/nutritional beverage segment. Our goal is to evolve the
functional/nutritional beverage category into more of a focus on providing true
and meaningful health and wellness benefits in a convenient and good tasting
format. 


product developed in-house was Natural Cabana&#8482; Lemonade in five lower calorie flavors:
original lemonade
 mango
 strawberry
 cherry and island spice. During 2013 we
replaced island spice with blueberry and added Natural Cabana&#8482; Limeade. Also in
2013
 we completed the negotiation and secured supply of premium coconut water with
a Thailand manufacturer. We completed the design of this product
 and on February
21
 2014
 began selling Natural Cabana&#8482; Coconut Water as an extension of our
Natural Cabana&#8482; beverage line.

flagship product is PULSE&#174; brand of Heart Healthy functional beverages (&#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221;). Originally developed by Baxter Healthcare and previously
designated with gender-specific formulations
 PULSE&#174; will be introduced and
marketed in a new
 non-gender-specific formulation in the second quarter of
2014. We believe the new formulation will have significantly wider consumer
appeal.


ensure that the flavor profiles and nutritional platforms of our products meet
the needs of consumers&#8217; taste
 health and life-style
 we contract the services
of Catalyst Development Inc. (&#8220;Catalyst&#8221;)
 a highly respected beverage product
development firm located in Burnaby
 BC
 Canada. Catalyst developed the
formulations for PULSE&#174; under license
 for Baxter Healthcare Corporation. Catalyst&#8217;s
owner
 Ron Kendrick
 is our Chief of Product Development and Operations and
oversees our beverage development
 inventory supply chain
 and quality
assurance through his team of three persons. Our product development team has
ensured PULSE&#174; is a lower calorie
 great tasting functional beverage that
provides the benefits we claim on PULSE&#174; labels. We use a hot-fill process of
production to allow the PULSE&#174; product to have all natural ingredients without
the use of preservatives.




is a line-up of refreshing
 all-natural
&#8220;good-for-you&#8221;
 ready-to-drink lemonades in a 20oz glass bottle in five flavors:
Regular Lemonade
 Blueberry Lemonade
 Cherry Lemonade
 Strawberry Lemonade and
Mango Lemonade. In 2014 we introduced Natural Cabana&#8482; Limeade. Natural Cabana&#8482;
Lemonade and Limeade offer reduced calories compared to competitors
 without
the use of artificial sweeteners or coloring. There is only one other
all-natural lemonade in the marketplace that is offered in a smaller 16oz glass
format. We
are positioning Cabana&#8482; as natural complements to food in an effort to broaden its
appeal. We believe that the lemonade market is well established and that there
is an immediate demand in North America and internationally. 

 in particular the beverage consumers desiring a lower calorie
 all  natural
 thirst quenching beverage for enjoyment and rehydration. Nationally
  only a handful of companies market ready-to-drink lemonades. We believe Natural Cabana&trade; Lemonade and Limeade  has competitive advantages over existing lemonade brands as follows: offered in  a large format 20oz glass bottle
 has 55 calories per 8oz. serving compared  to over 100 calories in most competitors and is made of 100% all natural  ingredients. The fact that Natural  Cabana&trade; Lemonade and Limeade contains no preservatives or artificial sweeteners  means that it can be sold in health food stores such as Whole Foods
 GNC Live  Well
 Vitamin Cottage
 Sunflower and others. The following is a summary of our  competition in the lemonade segment:

  
    &#8211; many
    flavors
 20oz glass bottle
 artificial coloring
 high in calories
 artificial

  
all

  

  
    Iced Tea &#8211; a

  
    Time Lemonade&#174; -
    one flavor in a 12oz can




introduced our new line of coconut waters
 Natural Cabana&#8482; Coconut Water and
Natural Cabana&#8482; Pineapple Coconut Water
 in the first quarter of 2014 as a
major line extension to our Natural Cabana&#8482; line of products. Additional
coconut water lines may be introduced in the future. 

water is one of the fastest growing beverage categories in the United States
with consumers and health experts recognizing its natural hydrating qualities
exceptional nutritional benefits and great taste. Coconut water contains high
levels of electrolytes
 vitamins and minerals and less sugar than many sports
drinks.

there are a number of competing brands in this cagtegory
 we believe our
established existing distribution network and exceptional taste of our coconut
water products will give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. 


is formulated as a Heart Healthy beverage
 providing all natural
functional ingredients without preservatives in a low calorie format. PULSE&#174; offers consumers the nutrients they need in a 16oz glass bottle
containing a great tasting functional beverage. Our packaging is vibrant and
convenient and is water-based
PULSE:
Nutrition Made Simple&#174;.&#8221;
research and are scientifically demonstrated to promote health in each targeted
health platform. The nutritional ingredients were specifically selected to
provide the nutrition necessary to achieve targeted health benefits using patented liposome nano-dispersion technology that
introduces the ingredients into PULSE&#174; in a format that allows the body to
absorb the nutrients. We own all the formulations
 rights and trademarks
relating to the PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages and specifically we own
the right to use the following Side Panel Statement for PULSE&#174; Heart Healthy:
&#8220;Formulation developed under license from Baxter Healthcare Corporation&#8221;. This
right is in perpetuity without royalties. All PULSE&#174;
labels contain structure/function claims that are followed by an * disclosing
the following: This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug
Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose
 treat
 cure
 or
prevent any disease. 
is targeted
toward adults who want to feel young and healthful. PULSE&#174; brand mission and
concept is supported by a growing consumer link between nutrition and wellness
and the ever growing need for convenient solutions to rehydrate and to combat
obesity. This fact ensures that PULSE&#174; does not just attract the baby boomer
category but includes all consumers who want health conscious beverages. There is a societal shift away
from carbonated
 diet and high sugar-content beverages that contain artificial
sweeteners and preservatives. PULSE&#174; is supported by a
growing consumer link between nutrition and wellness in convenient solutions.
There is an emergence of new product categories in the area of energy and
sports drinks
 teas
 juices
 flavored waters
 lemonades and functional/nutritional
beverages. Populations are aging
 which influences the food and beverage
industry
 affecting everything from packaging and taste profiles to calories
and contents.

regimen. PULSE&#174; formulas include functional ingredients that are widely
considered to be critical to adult health including anti-oxidants
 vitamins
minerals
 soluble fiber and soy isoflavones. The
following is a summary of our competition in the functional beverage segment:

  
 zero
    calories

  
 emphasis on
    detox/weight loss/energy
 various antioxidants
 mostly trace amounts of

  
    lightly carbonated
 proprietary blends and vitamins
 small amounts of vitamins

  
    pomegrante based beverage with claims to have heart and other health benefits &#8211;




Business Value
Drivers 
Profitable
Growth 
We believe &#8220;functional&#8221;
 &#8220;image-based&#8221; and/or &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; brands properly
supported by marketing and innovation
 targeted to a broad consumer base
 drive
profitable growth. We are focused on maintaining and improving profit margins
and believe that tailored branding
 packaging
 pricing and distribution channel
strategies help achieve profitable growth. We are implementing these strategies
with a view to achieving profitable growth. 
International
&#8211; The expansion into international
markets with our Natural Cabana&#8482; Lemonade and Limeade and Coconut Water
 together
with the introduction of PULSE&#174; Heart Healthy functional beverages
 remains a
key value driver for our growth. 
&#8211; The
principal focus of controlling cost inputs will continue to center around reducing
input supply and production costs on a per-case basis
 including raw material
costs and co-packing fees. The reduction of days to collect accounts receivable
and converting raw materials into finished goods and finished goods into
accounts receivable remains a key area of focus. 
Efficient
Capital Structure 
 without
long-term debt
 is intended to optimize our working capital to finance
expansion
 both domestically and internationally. We believe our strong capital
position currently provides us with a competitive advantage. 

subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained
these value drivers
 when properly implemented
 will result in:
(1)&nbsp;maintaining and increasing our gross profit margins;
(2)&nbsp;providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a
percentage of net revenues; and (3)&nbsp;optimizing our cost of capital. The
ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future
results of operations. 

sales
 gross profits
 operating income
 net income and net income per share
represent key measurements of the above value drivers. These measurements will
continue to be a key management focus in 2014. See &#8220;Results of Operations&#8221; for
a complete discussion of our current and future business. 


  which requires more education at the distribution and retail level.

includes:


              







              


distributors and add to our international distributorships for all of our





              







              







              


chain
 convenience and key account store listings for all our brands nationwide





              







              


brand by developing new proprietary





              


development of a third branded product that will compete in an additional





              







reached and building blocks set in place to date:


              


methodically built a beverage company from the ground up and have overcome
difficulties associated with start-up beverage companies relating to financing





              


with co-packers in three strategic locations: Oregon
 Virginia and Texas
 which
has allowed us to produce and distribute our products nationwide cost





              


distribution system with 141 distributors servicing 47 US states
 Canada
 Mexico
Panama
 Bermuda and Ireland. Once this &#8220;critical mass&#8221; of distributors was
established we then approached
 and secured listings for Cabana&#8482; with large
grocery and convenience store chains resulting in approved listings to date
totaling over 17





              


infrastructure has been developed without large capital outlays
 yet we have
gained market acceptance for our Cabana&#8482; brand where taste
 calories
 and all
natural ingredients
 rather than price
 are the major rationale for a consumer





              


began their distribution in early 2014 into our existing distribution system;





              


re-design and flavor profiles of PULSE&#174;. Now that we have established a
substantial portion of our distribution system
 we will readily be able to introduce
PULSE&#174; into our existing distribution system through natural beverage
distributers such as: United Natural Food
 Inc. and Nature&#8217;s Best
 the two
largest natural food distributors. Existing distributors and chain stores have
been made aware of the health benefits and introduction of PULSE&#174;. Introduction



Industry
Background

beverages are among the most widely distributed food products in the world and
are being sold through more than 400
000 retailers in the United States
 our
core market. The United States has more than 2
600 beverage companies and 500
bottlers of beverage products. Collectively they account for more than $100
billion in annual sales. It is estimated that globally more than $300 billion
worth of non-alcoholic beverages are sold annually. The beverage market is
controlled by two giants
 The Coca-Cola Company (&#8220;Coke&#8221;) and PepsiCo
 combining
for over 70% of the non-alcoholic beverage market. Carbonated
beverage sales are slipping
 while non-carbonated beverage sales are growing.
Experts predict that beverage companies that only offer carbonated beverages
will have to work hard to off-set flagging demand. Industry watchers believe
that growth will be largely confined to non-carbonated beverages and will
chiefly affect functional drinks. Functional
 sports and energy drinks are
expected to be the principal beneficiaries of this trend.


Industry
watchers are particularly confident about the prospect for drinks that are
functional and that offer therapeutic benefit and as such capitalize on the
public&#8217;s growing interest in products that promise to improve health. Although
we will face competition in our bid for market share
 we believe
 based on
market research that our products
 strong packaging
 unique formulations and
promotions will induce early trial and in the course of two years build a
widespread and loyal following. We also believe that our products will have
strong appeal in Europe and the Pacific Rim
 in particular
 China. Key drivers
of the Chinese beverage market include rising inflows of foreign direct
investment
 growing levels of consumer spending power
 an increasingly health
conscious consuming public and the Chinese government&#8217;s market-focused economic
policy.&nbsp; We believe our products will be accepted in China because of China&#8217;s
growing desire for healthy products and its growing middle class and its
interest in brands that come from North America. 


distribution systems are comprised of the following types of distributors:


 chips
 snacks and milk and provide pre-sales
 delivery and merchandising services to their  customers. Service levels are daily and weekly and they require 25% to 30% gross profit from sales to their customers.  As  of the date of this Report
 we maintain a network of more than 141 distributors  in over 47&nbsp;states in America
 nine provinces in Canada
 Panama
 Mexico
 Bermuda  and Ireland. We grant these independent distributors the exclusive right in  defined territories to distribute finished cases of one or more of our products  through written agreements. These agreements typically include compensation to  those distributors in the event we provide product directly to one of our  regional retailers located in the distributor&rsquo;s region. We are also obligated  to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor  agreements
 which have terms generally ranging from one to three years. We have  chosen
 and will continue to choose
 our distributors  based on their perceived ability to build our brand franchise in convenience  stores and grocery stores. 


grocery store chains where we ship direct to the chain stores warehousing
system. Retailers must have warehousing and delivery capabilities. Services
to retailer are provided by an assigned broker
 approved by us
 to oversee all
needs which provide some pre-sale and merchandising services. Our
direct to retail channel of distribution is an important part of our strategy
to target large national or regional restaurant chains
 retail accounts
including mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these
programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and
the account is serviced through the retailer&#8217;s appointed distribution system.
These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us
 and
contain no minimum purchase commitments.


manufacturing and warehousing of our products to third party bottlers and
independent contract manufacturers (&#8220;co-packers&#8221;). We purchase our raw materials from North American suppliers which
deliver to our third party co-packers. We currently use three co-packers
located in Forest Grove
 Oregon
 Marion
 Virginia and Coppell
 Texas to manufacture
and package our products. Having three strategically located co-packers reduces our shipping rates and transport times. We intend to identify co-packers in Canada
 Europe
 and Asia to
support the expansion of our products in those markets. Once our
products are manufactured
 we store the finished product in a warehouse
adjacent to each co-packer or in third party warehouses. Our co-packers were chosen on the basis of
their proximity to markets covered by our distributors. Most of the ingredients
used in the formulation of our products are off-the-shelf and thus readily
available. No ingredient has a lead time greater than two weeks. Other
than minimum case volume requirements per production run for most co-packers
we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our
co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case
we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our
customers. We continually review our contract packing needs in light of
regulatory compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change
co-packers based on those needs.
Raw
Materials

all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our
products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance
with our specifications. The raw materials used in the preparation and
packaging of our products consist primarily of juice concentrates
 natural
flavors
 stevia
 pure cane sugar
 bottles
 labels
 trays and enclosures. These
raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract
manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which
are available from multiple suppliers.

we purchase our flavor concentrate from four flavor concentrate suppliers.
Generally
 all natural flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to the
flavors. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product
development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at
relatively low cost. We anticipate that for future flavors and additional
products
 we may purchase flavor concentrate from other flavor houses with the
intention of developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our
products. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience
disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


are committed to building products that meet or exceed the quality standards
set by the U.S. and Canadian governments. Our products are
made from high quality all natural ingredients. We ensure that all of our
products satisfy our quality standards. Contract manufacturers are selected and
monitored by our own quality control representatives in an effort to assure
adherence to our production procedures and quality standards. Samples of our
products from each production run undertaken by each of our contract manufacturers
are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. The
manufacturing process steps include source selection
 receipt and storage
filtration
 disinfection
 bottling
 packaging
 in-place sanitation
 plant
quality control and corporate policies affecting quality assurance. In
addition
 we ensure that each bottle is stamped with a production date
 time
and plant code to quickly isolate problems should they arise.


For
every run of product
 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of
product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. For
each product
 the contract manufacturer must transmit all quality control test
results to us for reference following each production run. Testing also
includes microbiological checks and other tests to ensure the production
facilities meet the standards and specifications of our quality assurance
sample submission to Catalyst Development Inc. for microbiological checks and
other tests to ensure the production facilities meet the standards and
specifications of our quality assurance program. Water quality is ensured
through activated carbon and particulate filtration as well as alkalinity
adjustment when required. Flavors are pre-tested before shipment to contract
manufacturers from the flavor manufacturer. We are committed to ongoing product
improvement with a view toward ensuring the high quality
of our product through a stringent contract packer selection and training
program.


production and marketing of our proprietary beverages are subject to the rules
and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health
agencies
 including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food
Canada (AAFC) and the U.S.&nbsp;Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and
AAFC also regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive
notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect
to our licensed products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place
to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations.

of our beverage products presently offer non-refillable
 recyclable containers
in the U.S.&nbsp;and various other markets. Legal requirements have been
enacted in jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada requiring that deposits or
certain eco-taxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain
non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these
measures vary. Other beverage container related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax
and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various
jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada. We anticipate that similar
legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and
federal levels
 both in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada.
New
Product Development

based on developing products in those segments of the market that offer the
greatest chance of success such as health
 wellness and natural refreshment
and we will continue to seek out underserved market niches. We believe we can
quickly respond
 given our technical and marketing expertise
 to changing
market conditions with new and innovative products. We are committed to
developing products that are distinct
 meet a
quantifiable need
 are proprietary
 lend themselves to at least a 30% gross
profit
 project a quality and healthy image
 and can be distributed through
existing distribution channels. We are identifying
brands of other companies with a view to acquiring them or taking on the
exclusive distributorship of their products.
Intellectual
Property

acquired all of the property and equipment
 formulations
 rights and trademarks
associated with PULSE&#174; from Health Beverage
 LLC pursuant to an Asset Purchase
Agreement that closed on January 31
 2011.

intellectual property:


              


Healthcare Corporation to use the following side panel (label) statement for PULSE&#174; Heart Healthy
Formula&#8482;: &#8220;PRODUCT FORMULATION





              


formulations
 specifications
 manufacturing methods and related Canadian and US
unregistered trademark for PULSE&#174; - Heart Healthy&#8482;. This trademark is current
in that they are being used currently and will not expire as long as we





              


&#8220;PULSE&#8221; &#8211; USA &amp; CANADA (a water-based beverage) U.S. No. 2698560
 Canada:
TMA 622
432 and &#8220;PULSE: NUTRITION MADE SIMPLE&#8221; &#8211; USA ONLY. U.S. No. 2819813. In
general
 trademark registrations expire 10 years from the filing date or
registration date
 with the exception in Canada
 where trademark registrations
expire 15 years from the registration date. All trademark registrations may be





              


in connection with our Natural Cabana&#8482; Lemonade




consider our trademarks
 trade secrets and the license right described above to
be of considerable value and importance to our business.
Segment
Information

have one operating segment: Non-carbonated beverages; and one reportable geographic
segment: North America.
Research
and Development

$101
976 of research and development costs associated with the changing of PULSE&#174;
brand of functional beverages from gender specific formulations to a new
non-gender specific formulation. We believe the new
formulation will have significantly wider consumer appeal. 


sales may have some seasonality and we may experience fluctuations in quarterly
results due to many factors. We expect to generate a greater percentage of our
revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of
customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from
one quarter to another. As a result
 we believe that period-to-period
comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should
not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected
for the fiscal year.




 2013
 we had twenty-two employees
 including Robert E. Yates
 who serves as  our President and Principal Executive Financial and Accounting Officer.

An investment in our common stock is  risky. You should carefully consider the following risks
 as well as the other  information contained in this Form 10-K
 before investing. If any of the  following risks actually occur

 our business
 business prospects
 financial  condition
 cash flow and results of operations could be materially and  adversely affected. In this case
 the trading price of our common stock could  decline
 and you might lose part or all of your investment.&nbsp;We may amend  or supplement the risk factors described below from time to time by other  reports we file with the SEC in the future.
Risk Factors
Relating to Our Company and Our Business
We
rely on key members of management
 the loss of whose services could adversely
affect our success and development.

success depends to a certain degree upon certain key members of the management.
These individuals are a significant factor in our growth and ability to meet
our business objectives.&nbsp; We have an experienced management team of beverage
industry executives who have successfully launched and/or managed the
distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty years.
They have strong relationships with distributors and buyers who supply
thousands of retail outlets
 supermarkets and convenience stores. The loss of
our key management personnel could slow the growth of our business
 or it may
cease to operate at all
 which may result in the total loss of an investment in
our securities.
Because
we do not have long term contractual commitments with our distributors
 our
business may be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain these
important relationships and distribute our products.

marketing and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and
performance of our independent distributors. We will continue our efforts to
reinforce and expand our distribution network by partnering with new
distributors and replacing underperforming distributors. We have entered into
written agreements with many of our distributors in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada
with terms ranging from one to three years. We currently do not have
 nor do we
anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term
contractual commitments from some of our distributors. In addition
 despite the
terms of the written agreements with many of our top distributors
 there are no
minimum levels of purchases required under some of those agreements
 and most
of the agreements may be terminated at any time by us
 generally with a
termination fee. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution
relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with
distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the
additional possibility that we may have to incur additional expenditures to attract
and maintain key distributors in one or more of our geographic distribution
areas in order to profitably exploit our geographic markets.

inability to maintain our distribution network or attract additional
distributors will likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.
Because
we rely on our distributors
 retailers and brokers that distribute our
competitors&#8217; products along with our own products
 we have little control in
ensuring our product reaches customers
 which could cause our sales to suffer.

ability to establish a market for our products in new geographic areas
 as well
as maintain and expand our existing markets
 is dependent on our ability to
establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers
and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our
distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent
a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors
retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ
sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking
retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Our ability to maintain our distribution network and
attract additional distributors
 retailers and brokers will depend on a number
of factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors
include: the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular
distribution area; our ability to price our products at levels competitive with
those of competing products;&nbsp;and our ability to deliver products in the
quantity and at the time ordered by distributors
 retailers and brokers.&nbsp; 

any of the above factors work negatively against us
 our sales will likely
decline and our results of operations will be adversely affected. 
Because
our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us
 we need to
manage our inventory levels
 and it is difficult to predict the timing and
amount of our sales.

independent distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual
orders for our products. In order to reduce inventory costs
 independent
distributors endeavor to order products from us on a &#8220;just in time&#8221; basis in
quantities
 and at such times
 based on the demand for the products in a
particular distribution area. Accordingly
 there is no assurance as to the
timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or that
any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same
frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. In order to be able
to deliver our products on a timely basis
 we need to maintain adequate
inventory levels of the desired products
 but we cannot predict the number of
cases sold by any of our distributors. If we fail to meet our shipping
schedules
 we could damage our relationships with distributors and/or
retailers
 increase our shipping costs or cause sales opportunities to be
delayed or lost
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely
affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products
held by our distributors and/or retailers is too high
 they will not place
orders for additional products
 which would also unfavorably impact our future
sales and adversely affect our operating results.
Our
business plan and future growth is dependent in part on our distribution arrangements
with retailers and regional retail accounts. If we are unable to establish and
maintain these arrangements
 our results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected.

currently have distribution arrangements with a few regional retail accounts to
distribute our products directly through their venues. However
 there are
several risks associated with this distribution strategy. First
 we do not have
long-term agreements in place with any of these accounts and thus
 the arrangements
are terminable at any time by these retailers or us. Accordingly
 we may not be
able to maintain continuing relationships with any of these national accounts.
A decision by any of these retailers
 or any large retail accounts we may
obtain
 to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease carrying our
products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation
 financial
condition or results of operations. In addition
 we may not be able to
establish additional distribution arrangements with other national retailers.


Second
our dependence on national and regional retail chains may result in pressure on
us to reduce our pricing to them or seek significant product discounts. Any
increase in our costs for these retailers to carry our product
 reduction in
price
 or demand for product discounts could have a material adverse effect on
our profit margin.

our DTR distribution arrangements may have an adverse impact on our existing
relationships with our independent regional distributors
 who may view our DTR
accounts as competitive with their business
 making it more difficult for us to
maintain and expand our relationships with independent distributors.
We
rely on independent contract manufacturers of our products
 and this dependence
could make management of our marketing and distribution efforts inefficient or
unprofitable.

not own the plants or the equipment required to manufacture and package our
beverage products
 and do not directly manufacture our products but instead
outsource the manufacturing process to third party bottlers and independent
contract manufacturers (co-packers). We do not anticipate bringing the
manufacturing process in-house in the future. Currently
 our products are
prepared
 bottled and packaged by three primary co-packers. Our ability to
attract and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and
other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in
a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our
operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract
manufacturers&#8217; business is intense
 especially in the western U.S.
 and this
could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and
could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our manufacturers.
Our contract manufacturers may terminate their arrangements with us at any
time
 in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver
products to our customers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships
with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships
with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in existing or new geographic
distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective
relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could
increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce profits realized
from the sale of our products in that area. In addition
 poor relations with
any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing
of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn
adversely affect our revenues and financial condition.

customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized
companies
 we are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs
sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements. We continually evaluate
which of our contract manufacturers to utilize based on the cost structure and
forecasted demand for the particular geographic area where our contract
manufacturers are located. To the extent demand for our products exceeds
available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill
distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product than
warranted by actual demand
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential
risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our
contract manufacturing requirements may impair relationships with our
independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a
material adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with
those distributors and key accounts.
Our
business and financial results depend on the continuous supply and availability
of raw materials.

principal raw materials we use include glass bottles
 labels
 closures
 flavorings
stevia
 pure cane sugar and other natural ingredients. The costs of our
ingredients are subject to fluctuation. If our supply of these raw materials is
impaired or if prices increase significantly
 our business would be adversely
affected. Certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such
contract manufacturers to increase their charges based on certain of their own
cost increases. While certain of our raw materials
 like glass
 are based on a
fixed-price purchase commitment
 the prices of any of the above or any other
raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future and we may not
be able to pass any cost increases on to our customers.

may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate
demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may
be less precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If
we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure
sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 glass
labels
 flavors
 and natural sweeteners
 or sufficient packing arrangements
 we
might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners
have been experienced and could
 from time to time in the future
 be
experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of
our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.
Rising
raw material
 fuel and freight costs as well as freight capacity issues may
have an adverse impact on our sales and earnings.

recent volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in rising fuel and
freight prices
 which many shipping companies are passing on to their
customers. Our shipping costs
 and particularly fuel surcharges charged by our
freight carriers
 have been increasing and we expect these costs may continue
to increase. Energy surcharges on our raw materials may continue to increase.
Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we do not anticipate that we will
be able to pass all of these increased costs on to our customers.

the same time
 the economy appears to be returning to pre-recession levels
resulting in the rise of freight volumes which is exacerbated by carrier
failures to meet demands and fleet reductions due to fewer drivers in the
market. We may be unable to secure available carrier capacity at reasonable
rates
 which could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
We
rely upon our ongoing relationships with our key flavor suppliers. If we are
unable to source our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers
 we
could suffer disruptions in our business.

we purchase our flavor concentrate from three suppliers
 and we anticipate that
we will purchase flavor concentrate from others with the intention of
developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. The
price of our concentrates is determined by our flavor houses
 and may be
subject to change. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to
their flavors. Consequently
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas
for our flavors and concentrates and we may be unable to obtain these flavors
or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to
replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to
deliver products to our customers or experience a change in the taste of our
products
 all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.


If we
are unable to maintain brand image and product quality
 or if we encounter
other product issues such as product recalls
 our business may suffer.

success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing
products and effectively build up brand image for new products and brand
extensions. There can be no assurance
 however
 that additional expenditures on
advertising and marketing will have the desired impact on our products&#8217; brand
image and on consumer preferences. Product quality issues
 real or imagined
 or
allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could
tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose
other products.

addition
 because of changing government regulations; or their implementation
or allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time
to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could
affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.
The
inability to attract and retain key personnel would directly affect our
efficiency and results of operations.

success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees
in such areas as distribution
 sales
 marketing and finance. We compete to hire
new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and
competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased
costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or
increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly
involving our key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations
 financial
condition and employee morale.
Our inability to protect our trademarks and trade
secrets may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing
effectively.

to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or
defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of
significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual
property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable
value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination
of trademark and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. We are pursuing the
registration of additional trademarks in the U.S.
 Canada and internationally.
There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these
proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe or
misappropriate our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In
addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert
infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against
other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be
costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or
any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to market or sell our brands or profitably exploit our
products.

part of the licensing strategy of our brands
 we enter into licensing
agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use
our trademarks and other designs. Although our agreements require that the
licensing partner&#8217;s use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control
and approval
 any breach of these provisions
 or any other action by any of our
licensing partners that is harmful to our brands
 goodwill and overall image
could have a material adverse impact on our business.
If we
are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting
 our stock price and investor
confidence in us could be materially and adversely affected.

are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting that are effective. Because of its inherent
limitations
 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed
and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the
controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other
inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance
that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential
conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate
controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.
Because
we have a limited operating history and losses since inception
 it is difficult
to evaluate your investment in our stock.

have been operating since February 15
 2011 and in production since September
22
 2011 and have not yet achieved positive cash flow from operations or
profitability. Evaluation of our business will be difficult because we have a
limited operating history. We have generated start-up losses to date while we
build our distribution network
 which could adversely affect our stock price.
For the period from inception through December 31
 2013
 we have accumulated
losses in excess of $7.8 million. We face a number of risks encountered by
early-stage companies
 including our need to develop infrastructure to support
growth and expansion; our need to obtain long-term sources of financing; our
need to establish our marketing
 sales and support organizations; and our need
to manage expanding operations. Our business strategy may not be successful
and we may not successfully address these risks. If we are unable to obtain
profitable operations
 investors may lose their entire investment in us.
We
may not be able to successfully manage growth of our business.

future success will be highly dependent upon our ability to successfully manage
the anticipated expansion of our operations. Our ability to manage and support
growth effectively will be substantially dependent on our ability to implement
adequate financial and management controls
 reporting systems and other
procedures
 and attract and retain qualified technical
 sales
 marketing
financial
 accounting
 and administrative and management personnel.


Our
future success also depends upon our ability to address potential market
opportunities while managing expenses to match our ability to finance our
operations. This need to manage our expenses will place a significant strain on
our management and operational resources. If we are unable to manage our
expenses effectively
 our business
 results of operations and financial
condition will be materially and adversely affected.


business strategy in the future
 we could acquire beverage brands and related assets
complementary to our core business operations. Any acquisitions by us would
involve risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of assets. These risks would
include
 among other things
 the following:

  
    exposure

  
    acquisition

  
    fluctuations
    in our quarterly and annual operating results could occur due to the costs

  
    difficulties
    and expenses in assimilating the operations and personnel of any acquired

  
    our
    ongoing business could be disrupted and our management&#8217;s time and attention

  
    inability


Risks
Related to our Common Stock
&quot;Penny
Stock&quot; rules may make buying or selling our securities difficult.

the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules and it is anticipated that trading in our
securities will continue to be subject to the penny stock rules for the
foreseeable future. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a
penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than
$5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any
broker-dealer who recommends our securities to persons other than prior
customers and accredited investors must
 prior to the sale
 make a special
written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#8217;s
written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available
the regulations require the delivery
 prior to any transaction involving a
penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the
risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition
broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and
the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they
offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements
may discourage broker-dealers from recommending transactions in our securities
which could limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market price for our common
stock.
Our
securities are traded on the OTC Markets as a QB issuer
 which may not provide
us as much liquidity for our investors as more recognized senior exchanges such
as 

Markets under the QB tier (&#8220;the OTC markets&#8221;). The OTC markets are
inter-dealer
 over-the-counter markets that provide significantly less
liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national or regional exchanges.
Securities traded on these OTC markets are usually thinly traded
 highly
volatile
 have fewer market makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC&#8217;s
order handling rules
 which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities
 do not apply to
securities quoted on the OTC markets. Quotes for stocks included on the OTC markets
are not listed in newspapers. Therefore
 prices for securities traded solely on
the OTC markets may be difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be
unable to resell their securities at or near their original acquisition price
or at any price.
A sale of a
substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our
common stock to decline.

amounts of our common stock in the public market
 the market price of our common
stock could fall.
Any
future equity or debt issuances by us may have dilutive or adverse effects on
our existing shareholders.

may issue additional shares of common due to warrants or options being
exercised that could dilute your ownership in our company. Moreover
 any
issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market
price of our common stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our
shareholders
 which could cause the market price of our common stock to
decline.
We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the
future. Any returns on investment may be limited to the value of our common
stock.

common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us. If we
do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable.
Our
stock price is volatile and you may not be able to sell your shares for more
than what you paid.

volatility
 and you may not be able to sell shares of common stock at or above
the price you paid for them. The trading price of our common stock has been
subject to fluctuations in the past. During the year ended December 31
 2013
our common stock traded at prices as low as $0.40 per share and as high as $1.47
per share.


The market price of the common stock
could continue to fluctuate in the future in response to various factors
including
 but not limited to:

  
    quarterly

  
    our ability to

  
    announcements

  
    changes in

  
    new products



continued to experience volatility which may further affect our stock price.
Risk
Factors Relating to Our Industry
We
compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and
acceptance of our products are critical to our success.

business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our
products and brands by our target market. In addition
 our business depends on
acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as
beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth.
Competition
from traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our
distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets
as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.

 it can be assumed that many of our competitors have  significantly greater financial
 technical
 marketing and other competitive  resources. We compete against giant names like The Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo
 which combine  for over 70% of the non-alcoholic beverage market. We  compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but also  for shelf space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our distributors
  all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with a  wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
  most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution  resources than ours.

competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded
beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact
our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other
competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our
distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and
financial targets. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater
financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse
effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market
for our products.
We
compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences
and public perception
 so our ability to continue developing new products to
satisfy our consumers&#8217; changing preferences will determine our long-term
success.

to introduce new brands
 products or product extensions into the marketplace as
current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#8217; changing preferences could
prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability.
Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#8217; preferences change over time.
Although we try to anticipate these shifts and develop new products to
introduce to our consumers
 there is no guarantee that we will succeed.
Our
business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly.

production
 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various
federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority
finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance
with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
thus adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.
Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage
our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products.
Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time
and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating
whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business
adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS



located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
 Colorado 80234. We lease these
facilities on a month-to-month basis at a cost of $4
000 per month. We also
sub-lease product development space located at Unit # 22 &#8211; 8980 Fraserwood
Court
Burnaby
 BC
 Canada V5J 5H7 at a cost of $1
400 per month. We believe these
facilities are suitable for our current needs.


 we
may be involved in legal proceedings from time to time. As of the date hereof
except as set forth herein
 there are no known legal proceedings against us. No
governmental agency has instituted proceedings
 served
 or threatened us with
any complaints.
ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Applicable.



ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market
Information

 2011
 there was no
public trading market for our securities. On April 5
 2011
 our common stock was
quoted under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTC BB operated by FINRA and the OTCQB
operated by OTC Markets Group
 Inc.

of high and low bid prices for our common stock for each applicable quarterly
period. The table reflects inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

Ended December 31
 2013:




  


  




  First
  Quarter

  




  Second
  Quarter

  




  Third
  Quarter

  




  Fourth
  Quarter

  




Ended December 31
 2012:




  


  




  First
  Quarter

  




  Second
  Quarter

  




  Third
  Quarter

  




  Fourth
  Quarter

  




 2014 was $0.62 per share.

  provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities Exchange Act of
  1934
In
July 2012, the FASB issued ASU 2012-02, Intangibles&#8212;Goodwill and Other
On July 29, 2011, we adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan (the &#8220;2011 Plan) under which we are authorized to grant up to
4
500
000 shares of common stock. Further
 the 2011 Plan authorizes our Board
of Directors to grant options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock





              

 2012 we granted performance equity
compensation awards to certain officers
 directors and consultants (the
&#8220;Performance Equity Recipients&#8221;). We were to issue 480
000 shares to
Performance Equity Recipients for each 200
000 cases of any of our products
sold to a maximum of 2
400
000 common shares issuable. As at September 28
 2012
we had sold 200
000 cases of product and thus
 our Performance Equity Recipients
earned
 and were issued on December 21
 2012
 480
000 common shares having a
fair value of $249
600. This amount was charged to operations as stock-based
compensation. As of December 31
 2012 the Performance Equity Recipients had
earned a further 93
000 common shares having a fair value of $51
083 which was
recorded as accrued expenses as at December 31
 2012. On May 15
 2013 the Board
of Directors resolved to postpone the Performance Equity Plan effective
September 28
 2012. As a result $51
083 of accrued compensation was





              

 2012 we granted stock options under the
2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase
3
100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before April 30
 2017.
A total of 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on October 31
2012
 April 30
 2013 and October 31
 2013. On May 2
 2013 a director resigned
from the Board of Directors. As a result 25
000 stock options expired on that
date being the unvested portion of his stock options and 75
000 stock options
were cancelled on July 31
 2013 as result of the expiration of three months. As
at October 31
 2013 a total of 3
000





              

 2012 we granted a stock option to a consultant
to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before July
30
 2017. A total 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on January
31
 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31
 2014. As at December 31
 2013 75
000
stock options had fully vested and as at January 31
 2014 a further 25
000





              

 2013
 we recorded
stock-based compensation of $545
288 (2012 - $914





              

at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The
weighted average fair values of stock options vested during the year ended
December 31
 2013
 was $0.76. The weighted average grant date fair values of
stock options granted during the year ended December 31
 2012 was $0.37 per
share as to 3
100
000 stock options and $0.33 per share as to 100
000 stock





              

calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following





              

 Based on the implied yield currently available on U.S.
Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equivalent to the expected





              

 Based on the projection of future stock prices and





              

Represents the period of time that stock options are





              

 Based on our historical stock prices for a period of





              

each of the years ended December 31










  2013

  


  2012

 




  Expected
  dividend yield

  









  Risk-free interest
  rate

  









  Expected
  volatility

  









  Expected option
  life (in years)

  











              











  Number of Options

  


  Weighted Average Exercise
  Price

  


  Weighted Average Remaining
  Contractual Term

  


  Aggregate Intrinsic Value

 









  $

  


  (years)

  


  $

 




















 December 31



































200































 December 31



200

































































 December 31



100































 December 31



075















              

stock options outstanding as of December 31
 2013
 and changes during the years
ended December 31








  Non-vested stock options

  

  Number of
  Options

  


  Weighted
  Average
  Grant Date
  Fair Value

 









  $

 




  Non-vested at December 31
 2011

  



















  Granted

  

200









  Vested

  

575









  Non-vested at December 31
 2012

  

625



















  Forfeited

  










  Vested

  

575



















  Non-vested at December 31
 2013

  










              

 2013
 there was $166 (2012 -
$273
811) of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options
to be recognized during January






              





              

 2010
 we loaned $200
000 to a company controlled by our
Chief of Product Development (See Note 5). During the year we received $5
084
(2012 - $4
885) as a principal repayment and $7
681 of interest (2012 -
$7





              






              

for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the
differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the
period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and





              

effective tax rate on the net loss before income taxes differs from the U.S.




















  

  


  

 














  U.S statutory rate

  









  Less valuation allowance

  





























































  Deferred tax assets

  

  

  


  

 










































079


































075




569








075




569


















              

net change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31
 2013 was $685





              

110
650 available to
offset future income for income tax reporting purposes
 which will expire in
various years through 2033
 if not previously utilized. However
 our ability to
use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially limited or eliminated





              

 &#8220;Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#8221;. We had no material unrecognized income tax assets
or liabilities for the years ended December 31





              

expense those items as general and administrative expense but to identify them
for tax purposes. During the years ended December 31
 2013 and 2012
 there was
no income tax or related interest and penalty items in the income statement
 or
liabilities on the balance sheet. We file income tax returns in the U.S.
federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. We are no longer subject
to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years beginning
October 1
 2008 or state income tax examination by tax authorities for years
beginning October 1
 2009. We are not currently involved in any income tax





              






              

Topic 820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to
unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). ASC Topic 820-10 defines fair value
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell
the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the
asset or liability. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC





              

1 &#8211; Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or





              

2 &#8211; Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in
active markets
 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets
that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or





              

3 &#8211; Valuations based on inputs that are supportable by little or no market
activity and that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability.





              

following table presents a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31









  Level 1


  Level 2



  Level 3



  Total






  Assets:

  

















  Liabilities:

  








    

following table presents a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31









  Level 1



  Level 2



  Level 3



  Total






  Assets:

  

















  Liabilities:

  







              





              

the date these financial statements were issued and determined that there are
no subsequent events to record and the following subsequent events to disclose:
we
issued 66
461 common shares valued at $50



ITEM 9.
CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

the last two fiscal years
 we have had no disagreements with our accountants on
accounting and financial disclosure.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

E. Yates
 who is both our chief executive officer and our chief financial
officer
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure
controls and procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp;Disclosure controls and procedures are
those procedures that are designed to ensure that information we are required
to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in those reports is accumulated and communicated
to the our management
 including our principal executive and principal
financial officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our chief
executive officer and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31
 2013. Based
on that evaluation it was concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of December 31
 2013.


Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;As defined by the SEC
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under
the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer and implemented by our Board of Directors
 management and other
personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

  
    pertain
    to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and

  
    provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
    preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being

  
    provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
    acquisition
 use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect



of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

December 31
 2013 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with
the participation of our chief executive officer (our principle executive
officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and
accounting officer) of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission
 or the COSO Framework.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management's assessment included
an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting
and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls.

upon this assessment
 management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective.

were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended December 31
 2013 that have materially affected
 or
are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.

annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&#8217;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public
accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth
in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act. 



ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


names
 ages
 and respective positions of our directors
 executive officers
 and
key employees are set forth below.



  

  
  

  

  Positions




  Robert
  E. Yates


  69

  
  President
  Chief Executive
 Financial
 and Accounting Officer
 Treasurer and Director




  Parley
  (Paddy) Sheya

  
  58

  
  Vice
  President
 Secretary
 National Sales Manager and Director





current president
 chief executive officer
 chief financial officer and
treasurer and has served in those positions since February 15
 2011. Mr. Yates
has also been a director of the Company since February 15
 2011. Mr. Yates is
qualified to be a director of the Company based on his extensive experience in
the beverage industry.

seasoned business executive with experience in growing and managing businesses.
From 2006 to 2009
 Mr. Yates served as a General Manager of Mobility Works
 in
Cincinnati
 Ohio
 a company engaged in providing specialty equipment and
handicapped accessible vehicles in support of disabled populations. From 1993
to 2005
 Mr. Yates was in charge of a start-up operation for Vancol with his
areas of responsibility: product development
 plant production and the
distribution of Vancol&#8217;s many products in both the United States and Canada.
Under his guidance
 Vancol&#8217;s sales rose from less than $10 million to $50
million in three years. Over the last twenty years
 Mr. Yates&#8217; beverage
portfolio has included such brands as Monster; AriZona Tea; Rock Star
 Vitamin
Water
 Perrier
 Everfresh Juices
 Ocean Spray
 Miller Beer
 Honest Tea and Fiji
Water. In addition
 Mr. Yates successfully launched his own brand
 Quencher
which he built into a 2 million case brand in two years. Mr. Yates completed a
management course at Oglethorpe University in Atlanta
 Georgia
 and has an
associate&#8217;s degree in business administration from Highland Park College
 in
Highland Park
 Michigan and completed a Professional Personnel Management
Course with the US Air Force.




Sheya has been a director of the Company since July 1
 2011. Mr. Sheya is
qualified to be a director of the Company based on his extensive experience in
the beverage industry.

over twenty-nine years of international executive sales and distribution
management experience in the beverage industry. He has an extensive track
record in the development of brands and in building beverage brand sales and
distribution systems from the ground up to multi-million case sales. He was
sales manager for a beverage brand called Kwencher&#174;. Mr. Sheya has managed a
broad range of beverage brands including: Jolt Cola&#174;
 Hires Root Beer&#174;; Crush&#174;
Soda; Bubble-Up&#174;; Country Time Lemonade&#174;; Hansen&#8217;s Natural Sodas and Juices;
New York Seltzer&#174; and Evian Water&#174;. From 2007 to 2008 Mr. Sheya was a
self-employed beverage consultant and from 2008 to 2009 was the key account
manager for New Leaf Brands Inc. managing national sales for Inspiration
Beverage and from 2010 to June 2011 was sales manager for Bing Energy Drink.&nbsp; 

directors serve until our next annual stockholders meeting or until their
successors are duly elected and qualified. Officers hold their positions at the
will of the board of directors.


company currently does not have nominating
 compensation or audit committees or
committees performing similar functions
 nor does our company have a written
nominating
 compensation or audit committee charter. Our directors believe that
it is not necessary to have such committees
 at this time
 because the
functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of
directors.

company does not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for
shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board
of directors believes that
 given the stage of our development
 a specific
nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our
business operations develop to a more advanced level. Our company does not
currently have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to
the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for
evaluating such nominees. The board of directors will assess all candidates
whether submitted by management or shareholders
 and make recommendations for
election or appointment. 

shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by
directing a written request addressed to our President and director
 Robert E.
Yates
 at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report.
Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

2006 Robert E. Yates filed for personal bankruptcy in Federal Bankruptcy Court
in Denver
 Colorado. His personal bankruptcy was finalized in February
 2007.
In May
 2005 Vancol Industries filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code. Mr. Yates resigned his position as an executive officer of
Vancol Industries in 2005. 

set forth above
 no director
 executive officer
 significant employee or
control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years.
Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who
beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class
of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and
reports of changes in ownership of common stock and our other equity
securities. Officers
 directors and greater than ten percent beneficial
shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge based solely on a
review of Forms 3
 4
 and 5 (and any amendments thereof) received by us during
or with respect to the year ended December 31
 2013
 the following persons have
failed to file
 on a timely basis
 the identified reports required by Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31
 2013:



  


  
  


  
  


  
  




  Francis Chiew &#8211; Former Secretary and
  Director  
  








Code
of Ethics

have not adopted a formal code of ethics that applies to our directors
officers or employees since we only have fifteen employees including our two
officers.



Summary
Compensation Table

table sets forth the compensation earned by Executive Officers during the last
two fiscal years.




  and Principal

  

  
  ($)

  
  ($)

  
  Awards
  ($)

  
  Awards
  ($)


  Compensation
  ($)


  Compensation Earnings
  ($)

  
  
  ($)

  
  ($)



  Robert
  E. Yates
  President
 Chief 
  Executive Officer
 
  Treasurer and Chief




  102


  10




  81








  193












  
  
  





  Parley
  Sheya
  Vice President
 Secretary 
  and National Sales




  100


  8




  36








  144












  
  
  




Performance
Awards

 2012 we had granted performance equity
compensation awards to certain officers
 directors and consultants (the
&#8220;Performance Equity Recipients&#8221;). We were to issue up to 2
400
000 common shares
to Performance Equity Recipients on the basis of 480
000 common shares for each
200
000 cases of any of our products sold to a maximum of 2
400
000 common
shares issuable. As at September 28
 2012 we had sold 200
000 cases of product
and thus
 our Performance Equity Recipients earned
 and were issued on December
21
 2012
 480
000 common shares having a fair value of $249
600 of which
160
000 common shares
 valued at $83
200
 were issued to our Chief Executive
Officer
 Robert E. Yates
 and 80
000 common shares
 valued at $41
600
 were
issued to Parley Sheya. Our Performance Equity Plan was cancelled with
retro-active effect to September 28
 2012. There are no further performance
equity awards outstanding.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

not maintain any plans in respect of the retirement of our directors and
executive officers.
Stock
Incentive Plan

company
 held on July 29
 2011
 we adopted
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We follow ASC subtopic 740-10 for recording&#13;the provision for income taxes. ASC 740-10 requires the use of the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under&#13;the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial&#13;statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset&#13;or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset&#13;or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more&#13;likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes&#13;in the period of change.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Business and Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Financial instruments and related items, which&#13;potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary&#13;cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times, such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.&#13;As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we exceeded insurance limits by $1,534,703 and $494,906, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We account for stock-based&#13;payments to employees in accordance with ASC 718, &amp;#147;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;). Stock-based payments&#13;to employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the statement of&#13;operations based on their fair values at the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We account for stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 718 and Topic 505-50, &amp;#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&amp;#148; Stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the&#13;consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as&#13;measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate the fair&#13;value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation&#13;recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires&#13;forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees, and revised,&#13;if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &amp;#147;forfeitures&amp;#148; is distinct&#13;from &amp;#147;cancellations&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;expirations&amp;#148; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock&#13;option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating&#13;the forfeiture rate, we monitor both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basic and Diluted Net&#13;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;Net loss per share is&#13;computed in accordance with ASC subtopic 260-10. We present basic loss per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;) and diluted EPS on the face&#13;of our statements of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing reported earnings by the weighted average shares outstanding.&#13;Diluted EPS is computed by adding to the weighted average shares the dilutive effect if common stock was issued upon the exercise&#13;of stock options and warrants. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is&#13;the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially&#13;dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued, as at December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012 is 23,234,247 and 10,647,213, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2012, the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2012-02, &amp;#34;Intangibles&amp;#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#34;&#13;(&amp;#34;ASU 2012-02&amp;#34;), which permits an entity to make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that&#13;the fair value of a reporting unit's indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the asset's carrying value before applying&#13;the two-step goodwill impairment model that is currently in place. If it is determined through the qualitative assessment that&#13;the fair value of a reporting unit's indefinite-lived intangible asset is more likely than not greater than the asset's carrying&#13;value, the remaining impairment steps would be unnecessary. The qualitative assessment is optional, allowing companies to go directly&#13;to the quantitative assessment. ASU 2012-02 is effective for us for annual and interim indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment&#13;tests performed beginning October 1, 2012. We believe the adoption of ASU 2012-02 will not have a material impact on our financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 0&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Nature of Operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0; text-align: justify&gt;2. Summary of Significant Accounting&#13;Policies&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial&#13;statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions&#13;that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of&#13;revenue and expenses in the reporting period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful life and recoverability&#13;of long-lived assets, stock-based compensation, and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions&#13;on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the&#13;results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs&#13;and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely&#13;from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of&#13;operations will be affected.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Cash and cash equivalents include cash on deposit&#13;in overnight deposit accounts and investments in money market accounts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We evaluate the collectability&#13;of our trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific customer&amp;#146;s&#13;inability to meet its financial obligations to us, a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the&#13;recognized receivable to the estimated amount we believe will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification&#13;of potential bad debts, bad debt charges are recorded based on our bad debt loss history and an overall assessment of past due&#13;trade accounts receivable outstanding. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&amp;#146; outstanding balances less any allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that are believed&#13;to be uncollectible. An additional allowance is recorded based on certain percentages of aged receivables, which are determined&#13;based on historical experience and assessment of the general financial conditions affecting our customer base. If actual collections&#13;experience changes, revisions to the allowance may be required. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the receivable&#13;is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $13,680 as at December 31, 2013 (2012 - $nil).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventory&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower of cost&#13;to manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities&#13;on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand, production&#13;availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s)&amp;#160;concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors&#13;that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences, general market and economic conditions&#13;or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or&#13;continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally, our estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate, which could&#13;result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Property and equipment includes bottle molds,&#13;manufacturing equipment, office equipment, warehouse equipment and display coolers which are all stated at historical cost less&#13;accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets which&#13;are estimated to be five years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We account for long-lived assets in accordance&#13;with ASC Topic 360-10-05, &amp;#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&amp;#148; ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires&#13;that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost&#13;carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating&#13;the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset, including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less&#13;than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&amp;#146;s carrying&#13;value and fair value or disposable value. As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we recognized an impairment of $115,385 and $483,208,&#13;respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Intangible assets are comprised primarily of&#13;the cost of formulations of our products and of trademarks that represent our exclusive ownership of Natural Cabana&amp;#174;, PULSE&amp;#174;&#13;and PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&amp;#174;, all used in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of our beverages. We&#13;evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of&#13;impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization, we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount&#13;of the asset.&amp;#160; An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the&#13;carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However, preparation of estimated expected future cash&#13;flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on&#13;our impairment analysis performed for the year ended December 31, 2013, the estimated fair values of trademarks and other intangible&#13;assets exceeded their respective carrying values.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Revenue is recognized in accordance with Staff&#13;Accounting Bulletin (&amp;#147;SAB&amp;#148;) No. 101, Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements, as revised by SAB No. 104. We recognize&#13;revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and&#13;collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers.&#13;Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases, ownership of and&#13;title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors, passes to such distributors&#13;when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales&#13;have been determined after deduction of discounts, slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC 605-50.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Fair Value&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We comply with the provisions&#13;of ASC 820, &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures&amp;#148;&lt;/i&gt; (&amp;#147;ASC 820&amp;#148;), which defines fair value, establishes&#13;a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements required under other accounting pronouncements.&#13;See Note 14.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We have financial instruments whereby the fair&#13;value of the financial instruments could be different from that recorded on a historical basis. Our financial instruments consist&#13;of cash, accounts and loans receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments&#13;approximate their fair values as of December 31, 2013 and 2012 due to their short-term nature.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We follow ASC subtopic 740-10 for recording&#13;the provision for income taxes. ASC 740-10 requires the use of the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under&#13;the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial&#13;statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset&#13;or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset&#13;or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more&#13;likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes&#13;in the period of change.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Deferred income taxes may arise from temporary&#13;differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred&#13;taxes are classified as current or non-current, depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate.&#13;Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current&#13;depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Concentration of Business and Credit Risk&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Financial instruments and related items, which&#13;potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary&#13;cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times, such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.&#13;As of December 31, 2013 and 2012, we exceeded insurance limits by $1,534,703 and $494,906, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We review a customer&amp;#146;s credit history&#13;before extending credit. As at and for the year ended December 31, 2013 there was one individual customer with a balance in excess&#13;of 10% of the accounts receivable totaling 35% (2012 - 37%) of accounts receivable and there was one individual customer in excess&#13;of 10% of net sales; 12% (2012 &amp;#150; nil).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We account for stock-based&#13;payments to employees in accordance with ASC 718, &amp;#147;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;). Stock-based payments&#13;to employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the statement of&#13;operations based on their fair values at the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We account for stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 718 and Topic 505-50, &amp;#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&amp;#148; Stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the&#13;consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as&#13;measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate the fair&#13;value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation&#13;recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires&#13;forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees, and revised,&#13;if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &amp;#147;forfeitures&amp;#148; is distinct&#13;from &amp;#147;cancellations&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;expirations&amp;#148; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock&#13;option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating&#13;the forfeiture rate, we monitor both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The resulting stock-based&#13;compensation expense for both employee and non-employee awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite&#13;service period of the award.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Basic and Diluted Net&#13;Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;Net loss per share is&#13;computed in accordance with ASC subtopic 260-10. We present basic loss per share (&amp;#147;EPS&amp;#148;) and diluted EPS on the face&#13;of our statements of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing reported earnings by the weighted average shares outstanding.&#13;Diluted EPS is computed by adding to the weighted average shares the dilutive effect if common stock was issued upon the exercise&#13;of stock options and warrants. For the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is&#13;the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially&#13;dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued, as at December 31, 2013 and&#13;2012 is 23,234,247 and 10,647,213, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2012, the FASB&#13;issued ASU 2012-02, &amp;#34;Intangibles&amp;#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment&amp;#34;&#13;(&amp;#34;ASU 2012-02&amp;#34;), which permits an entity to make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that&#13;the fair value of a reporting unit's indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the asset's carrying value before applying&#13;the two-step goodwill impairment model that is currently in place. If it is determined through the qualitative assessment that&#13;the fair value of a reporting unit's indefinite-lived intangible asset is more likely than not greater than the asset's carrying&#13;value, the remaining impairment steps would be unnecessary. The qualitative assessment is optional, allowing companies to go directly&#13;to the quantitative assessment. ASU 2012-02 is effective for us for annual and interim indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment&#13;tests performed beginning October 1, 2012. We believe the adoption of ASU 2012-02 will not have a material impact on our financial&#13;statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0&gt;3. Accounts Receivable&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Accounts receivable consist of the following&#13;as of December 31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 71%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 15%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;396,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;202,255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(13,680)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;382,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;202,255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Employee advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volume rebate receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Due from a co-packer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;37,699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;431,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0&gt;4. Inventory&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 73%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;398,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;407,560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods in transit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;54,434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;734,696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;307,957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,187,978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;715,517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0; text-align: justify&gt;5. Loan Receivable &amp;#150; Related&#13;Party&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0&gt;6. Property and Equipment and Intangible Assets&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Property and equipment consists of the following as of December&#13;        31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Manufacturing, warehouse, display equipment and molds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;261,522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;352,966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;33,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mobile display unit and vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;133,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(88,740)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(24,663)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Property and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;340,052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;482,874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Intangible assets consists of the following as of December&#13;        31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 47.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Formulations and manufacturing methods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;779,968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;761,963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;187,276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;159,706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Side panel statement rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Patents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Website&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;62,675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;31,750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(54,228)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(23,631)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,150,851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0&gt;7. Short-term Loan&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0&gt;8. Common Stock&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 14.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;During&#13;the year ended December 31, 2013 we:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;received $4,102,700 pursuant to our $0.40&#13;Unit offering. Pursuant to subscription agreements received and accepted, we issued a total of 10,256,750 $0.40 Units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant&#13;entitles the holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.65 per share expiring February 22, 2016;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 125,000 Units at $0.80 per Unit for $100,000. Each Unit consisted&#13;of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional share at $1.00 per share expiring&#13;April 18, 2016;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;settled $23,333 of debt owing to two Advisory Board Members and a&#13;director by issuing 58,333 at $0.40 per unit. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the&#13;holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.65 per share expiring February 22, 2016;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 337,650 common shares, having an average fair value of $0.84&#13;per share, pursuant to service agreements;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 30,000 common shares, having a fair value of $0.63 per share,&#13;pursuant to a letter agreement, as compensation for services;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 20,000 common shares having a fair value of $21,500 as compensation&#13;pursuant to an Advisory Board Agreement;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 275,000 common share purchase warrants to purchase an additional&#13;common share at $0.65 expiring February 22, 2016; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 100,000 common shares, having a fair value of $1.42 per share,&#13;as compensation for introduction to an investor; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 25,000 common shares at $0.50 per share for $12,500 cash pursuant&#13;to a consultant exercising a stock option.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 14.2pt; text-indent: 47.9pt&gt;During the year ended&#13;December 31, 2012 we:&amp;#9;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 0; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued a total of 400,000 units at $0.30 per unit for proceeds of $120,000. Each Unit consisted&#13;of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.45 per share&#13;expiring January 25, 2017;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 2,856,666 units at $0.30 per unit for proceeds of $857,000.&#13;Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional common share&#13;at $0.45 per share expiring between February 9, 2017 and May 9, 2017;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 4,675,000 units at $0.40 per unit for proceeds of $1,870,000. Each Unit consisted of one&#13;common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.60 per share as to&#13;1,250,000 warrants and at $0.65 per share as to 3,425,000 units. These warrants expire between , all expiring three years from&#13;date of purchase; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 309,664 units at $0.30 per unit and 179,167 units at $0.40&#13;per unit to settle a total of $164,566 of advisory and business consulting fees owing to Advisory Board members, a director, and&#13;an employee. A total of $29,166 was to settle amounts owing at December 31, 2011 and $135,400 was for services owing for the year&#13;ended December 31, 2012. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each $0.30 Unit entitles the holder to purchase&#13;one share at $0.45 per share expiring between January 25, 2017 and May 9, 2017. Each $0.40 Unit entitles the holder to purchase&#13;one share at $0.65 per share expires December 21, 2015;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued a total of 81,667 common shares, having an average fair value&#13;of $46,279, pursuant to an Advisory Board Agreement. A total of $6,579 was to settle accrued amounts owing at December 31, 2011,&#13;$31,588 was for services rendered during the year and $8,112 was prepaid for services to June 15, 2013;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 18pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued a total of 707,571 common shares, having an average fair value&#13;of $357,300, pursuant to agreements for services rendered. A total of $348,967 was charged to operations and $8,333 was prepaid&#13;for services to January 31, 2013; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 19.85pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -19.85pt&gt;9.&#13;Preferred Stock&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 19.85pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -19.85pt&gt;10.&#13;Warrants&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0&gt;11. Stock-based Compensation&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;On July 29, 2011, we adopted&#13;the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;2011 Plan&amp;#34;) under which we are authorized to grant up to 4,500,000 shares of common&#13;stock. Further, the 2011 Plan authorizes our Board of Directors to grant options, restricted stock awards, performance stock awards&#13;and stock appreciation rights as compensation for services rendered.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;On April 27, 2012 we granted&#13;performance equity compensation awards to certain officers, directors and consultants (the &amp;#147;Performance Equity Recipients&amp;#148;).&#13;We were to issue 480,000 shares to Performance Equity Recipients for each 200,000 cases of any of our products sold to a maximum&#13;of 2,400,000 common shares issuable. As at September 28, 2012 we had sold 200,000 cases of product and thus, our Performance Equity&#13;Recipients earned, and were issued on December 21, 2012, 480,000 common shares having a fair value of $249,600. This amount was&#13;charged to operations as stock-based compensation. As of December 31, 2012 the Performance Equity Recipients had earned a further&#13;93,000 common shares having a fair value of $51,083 which was recorded as accrued expenses as at December 31, 2012. On May 15,&#13;2013 the Board of Directors resolved to postpone the Performance Equity Plan effective September 28, 2012. As a result $51,083&#13;of accrued compensation was reversed.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;On April 27, 2012 we granted&#13;stock options under the 2011 Plan to certain officers, directors, employees and consultants to purchase 3,100,000 common shares&#13;at $0.50 per common share on or before April 30, 2017. A total of 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on October&#13;31, 2012, April 30, 2013 and October 31, 2013. On May 2, 2013 a director resigned from the Board of Directors. As a result 25,000&#13;stock options expired on that date being the unvested portion of his stock options and 75,000 stock options were cancelled on July&#13;31, 2013 as result of the expiration of three months. As at October 31, 2013 a total of 3,000,000 stock options had fully vested.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;On July 31, 2012 we granted&#13;a stock option to a consultant to purchase 100,000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before July 30, 2017. A total&#13;25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on January 31, 2013, July 30, 2013 and January 31, 2014. As at December 31, 2013&#13;75,000 stock options had fully vested and as at January 31, 2014 a further 25,000 stock options had vested.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 8pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended&#13;December 31, 2013, we recorded stock-based compensation of $545,288 (2012 - $914,036).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 8pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The fair values of stock&#13;options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted average fair values&#13;of stock options vested during the year ended December 31, 2013, was $0.76. The weighted average grant date fair values of stock&#13;options granted during the year ended December 31, 2012 was $0.37 per share as to 3,100,000 stock options and $0.33 per share as&#13;to 100,000 stock options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The fair value of stock&#13;options granted was calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model based on the following assumptions:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 3pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Risk-Free Interest&#13;Rate:&lt;/i&gt; Based on the implied yield currently available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term equivalent to&#13;the expected term of the options being valued;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 3pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Dividend Yield:&lt;/i&gt; Based&#13;on the projection of future stock prices and dividends expected to be paid;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 3pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Expected Term: &lt;/i&gt;Represents&#13;the period of time that stock options are expected to be outstanding based on historic exercise behaviour; and&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 3pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;i&gt;Expected Volatility:&lt;/i&gt;&#13;Based on our historical stock prices for a period of time equal to the expected term of the award.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted average&#13;assumptions used for each of the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 66%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 19%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 15%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.27%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;86%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;104%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected option life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The following table&#13;summarizes the continuity of our stock options:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 37%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-indent: -17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;432,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-indent: -17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(100,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-indent: 6pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,075,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the status&#13;of our non-vested stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2013, and changes during the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012&#13;is presented below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 65%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center; text-indent: -5.9pt&gt;Weighted&#13;        Average&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Grant Date&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Fair Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -2.9pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,575,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(25,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -2.9pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,575,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2013 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0&gt;12. Related Party Transactions&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0&gt;13. Income Taxes&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;Deferred income tax assets&#13;and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that&#13;will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which&#13;the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax&#13;assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus&#13;the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;The effective tax rate on the net loss before&#13;income taxes differs from the U.S. statutory rate as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 10px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 96px; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 96px; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;U.S statutory rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Effective tax rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 96px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 96px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Stock-based compensation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;268,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Net operating losses &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;771,356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;269,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Asset impairment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;80,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,079,523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;392,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Deferred tax liability &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Net deferred tax assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,075,205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,569,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Less valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,075,205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,569,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Deferred tax asset - net valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;--&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;The net change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December&#13;31, 2013 was $685,722.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We have a net operating&#13;loss carryover of $5,110,650 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes, which will expire in various&#13;years through 2033, if not previously utilized. However, our ability to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially&#13;limited or eliminated pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section&amp;#160;382.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We adopted the provisions&#13;of ASC 740-10-50, &amp;#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&amp;#148;. We had no material unrecognized income tax assets or&#13;liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;14.&#13;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;ASC Topic 820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy&#13;that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted&#13;quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable&#13;inputs (Level 3 measurements). ASC Topic 820-10 defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid&#13;to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value measurement&#13;assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability.&#13;The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC Topic 820-10 are described below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Level 1 &amp;#150; Valuations based on quoted&#13;prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that an entity has the ability to access.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Level 2 &amp;#150; Valuations based on quoted&#13;prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that&#13;are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of&#13;the assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Level 3 &amp;#150; Valuations based on inputs&#13;that are supportable by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability. We have&#13;no level 3 assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;The following table presents a reconciliation&#13;of all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Note receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;188,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;188,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;The following table presents a reconciliation&#13;of all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2012:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Note receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0&gt;15. Subsequent Events&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 71%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 15%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;396,014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;202,255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(13,680)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable - net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;382,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;202,255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Employee advances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Volume rebate receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;7,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Due from a co-packer&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;37,699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;431,399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 73%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 14%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 13%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;398,848&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;407,560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Finished goods in transit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;54,434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Raw Materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;734,696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;307,957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,187,978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Property and equipment consists of the following as of December&#13;        31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Manufacturing, warehouse, display equipment and molds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;261,522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;352,966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;33,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,570&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Mobile display unit and vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;133,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(88,740)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(24,663)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 10pt; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Property and Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;340,052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Intangible assets consists of the following as of December&#13;        31:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 47.9pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19%; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Formulations and manufacturing methods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;779,968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;761,963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Trademarks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;187,276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;159,706&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Side panel statement rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;125,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Patents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Website&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;62,675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;31,750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(54,228)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(23,631)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total Intangible Assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,150,851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 37%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Aggregate Intrinsic Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: 15.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-indent: -17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;432,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-indent: -17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(100,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,100,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-indent: 6pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,075,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 65%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested stock options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Number of Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center; text-indent: -5.9pt&gt;Weighted&#13;        Average&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Grant Date&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Fair Value&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,200,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -2.9pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,575,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,625,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(25,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: -2.9pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,575,000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2013 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;25,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 44%; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Note receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;188,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;188,030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 1&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 2&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Level 3&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-right: 5.4pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;Total&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: center&gt;$&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Note receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;193,114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-top: 6pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; width: 66%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 19%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 15%; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: center; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.45%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.27%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;86%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;104%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected option life (in years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3.78&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 14.2pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 10px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 96px; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 96px; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;U.S statutory rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(34%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Effective tax rate &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 96px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 96px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 19px; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=4 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31,&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Stock-based compensation &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;268,936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Net operating losses &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;771,356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;269,300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Asset impairment &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;39,231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;80,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,079,523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;392,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Deferred tax liability &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Depreciation expense &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(4,318&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Net deferred tax assets &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,075,205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,569,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Less valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,075,205&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,569,221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: white; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160; Deferred tax asset - net valuation allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; background-color: #E6EFFF; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_PLSB_ShorttermLoanDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BridgeLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_ShorttermBridgeLoanInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanToSharesBalanceConversionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanToSharesBalanceConversionUnitsPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_ConversionTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_WarrantExcisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_WarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AccruedInterestForgiven'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#.X$##`0(``!0<```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=


6EK=.\LU6Q'D5TMW[Y9W.P\




A.,#

:M,:M
:M
M,:M
:M,:M
:M,:M

M!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````
DL].PS`
QN](O$/D^^IN2`BAI;M
M2+LA5![`).X?M8VC)$#W]H0#@DICV]'VY\\_6][NYFE4'QQB+T[#NBA!L3-B




M`P04``8`````$`

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````O)E1:]LP%(7?!_T/1N^-HGO5M!UU^E(&?=VZ'V!L)0Y-;&.I[?+O)[+A
JI2;X]8.5?U<;8.5Y7)EQ_,^S/I#G\5C4YKQL7%JBJ?CD(?^?^?]
M9K.KPT-?OQQE_XQAGWKQ^?8AI!RI]6X#:DTTZ-H3V^<+C*SL9_@Y/G@XMP@



M/O`(/#`H&R'4&P1[#)WL,P=.UHX&V4;:`*#=2S#=1#`Z73($5F;QRX;QQ[


S8\TYMO6





7L3LPS2.I
Y-H?33(O[O[OJ/



/1%@%M!WRC^;


MG_







M)T$-.`+:M/]^Q]@)MMGFA%ZT#3R






M$9O(;Q&6-`AROS0)KWV8]]63F-D#9PJ)AUP2@AF+1T\&8W.3P#B-&`VO
2QI
ML

3
MY:`:8KI&




M3









$U9%


MSW\OVGW5=-Z1[R!DN$B@4[3J[*\^].(TG)]?1`]G]N'?`WQ'P^'4&2X`W@G1
M7S[(
^WU6Y_-?P```/__`P!02P



))L_
M%+72=%-!WB]10EG'W2Y.Z*5@6AF5VP#HB!=ZFO.

6W
MT7P]Q62Y:/WY+?C.'#PC4ZK=%RVR;Z+F8#:4R15@H]23@SYD;@L.DY/3]VT!

5(!?)(7K##$
MOK3_.Y'9



M/T(

!O3E)%`[?O/*8V;BM:QB
DV%\?3X^T`4^7:[+@8]U
M';7+RF/VND;O/L`,%`V_1]E#GRL[*U;?,MY3.?8D5UG@EZ1'T'^ADJN[[F
M56404ULW7F(H0;_;3[[;V#7[T?X*)F([/T@?@(G4T((_4EV(VJ*YT`9!E=@
MD_8SS2^L:MJYL%$69E'[6,*GA\-E@
`YTK9;N&N:O\Q6_X%``#__P
`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0!O8?T]5P

L`H8V4[3


K

MLF2M/+K5V35V-1%/N_8FXW4+%AM6

[N7@


M6@J^MZ!K8$_9$MV#:`'..C(/\F
X^E@OA0HQ:I
[[9+8T.[PN(3Z/*]\YV=
M9\AI=MLSS5HK$B/ET*P.L9(?(AX]M9/Z)HL4;15=!L:W,#O'LV/-GW7.&=
M)
2R-#U)%H
(SEHZCW-5Q&8[B0



M:&5E='

A59.J6Z5-FJ9]
M7#M@@E7`R'::]M_O&-



BFC%0C`JU43N32@(NBI


RWD[!N

M&.V
B&:W^(B=A'6[*(CUKNT4
[0;]]5$:&[RS!ML*.;?JH3';N.^*F;Q]F]5



M;8`6*(H^SK1$241$42#I./G[+DF;EN4XL'V0+6DXL[.[Y'IY^\I:[X4(27F7




C^7T(L`-3*3QS/';PF'6`F#G%D%7&]7@'($[E[XT


8=0#(F3WM!0/WYY
M7_N$XRP?7O/

%W1EOU%A

M:L


4W((9._^/$K9?M4PG9/()$*MHC?




MF'D+U0]Q-CK+?`&F7D=PG.7L9M;WC6NJLW



+/#`J'
M/


M[1]?UB?6/O





M45.H-JR37($=8\\2_9'+7\'-[NCNIVX%_FJMG.[3EU+\S4[?:7$XECN.222
MP5;Y.Z$\@XJC#.;2Z6

/&9F*I&


M,5]\!GW$E;=SZ)`]18CL\3%\3WYI1*)0L`#9400)(85*]%4NP#
[WX$M;M


M`@[#883Q!O`1

MS^80U)CA+D*

0&G


7%^(\^UE_\W;'\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

R+GAM;)25
MVVZC


M;`.V4CY8Z7UN;\%F_V+W7=N`'PKEK#[ROR4AZ^,[TH#W9Y0C:O9?Y\RS2%
M@H*-%TVM$Y45`







MK\$PN'DE."KV?R(K'1

;T;Q:-['!URSCW!9\8@K&14C

X
MQ-HDCFRS[+Y]QS&')+1;N($8__/[F_$P6=R]UA5Z85)QT:38=SR
6).)G#?;
M%/_\\3B98J0T;7):B8:E^(TI?+?\^&&Q%_)9E8QI!`Z-2G&I=3MW7965K*;*

9#%`7/V(/(=C5KM#61


E$!`'RBFIO.@(+0U^Y[SW-=ICB(
MG2CQ`A_D:




P
M+GAM;)246V^;
!B&[R?M/UB^+^9



M/7+-H*!@XX4#!I
-`


M@RDXV\PBJ
_?
P
:&_-@@X904&OHQLL\FN0S\@(E9'O-XEH3CA7+:T5TDA#@


MF%U\FHX1&DS_[6A6?(EV&IAA
A=.XXJ617&:7_;S7!#Y69YD1WA'YBX!=T9Z

MS/'NG_\!``#__P


!2&[ROU'2+?3_8%$#`:&$T[
M4BM559=KDSC$FB2.;#/





^^\)I!LJ%
I@`;(5X

#5JKCI#$@(


G



P$-GYVI@UI!!9V$0#QL-A\
VJ9%[




[@@Q9-N^%NA(;SH;TMX'.`P6[LV@#G0NCC@SG)3A\8
MRS\```#__P






6`6C0W$
MCA\-(&;^4G_BGA[$;@;XZ(S]NWRS:*R^YT=UQ`QW7))
3WN8'WIX.WH#'FOO

M
3AG1R


P$I:&_@R.FL1W!EYHT=OIO18:9KW]6<.[G<$
#'T`ET+H
MW85Y*[E_ZN_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`PZM&J5X%``K&```&0``





31FBS

_&PQ3HNP()LV)4BCF]*X

MRJR%0V;$;*7PCNT&X;:37(\:!F4YM0!3:BTF4B/F5E+;&W^\X'`-JP!35J^-




!/4\]!


'EJ;T!\(GSNGDAKK/;?S

M`/__`P!02P


JB`
MM=VHR#DV[YS]O6^;UO'`&_0C(V]U[W^COM*WWZOL]&=6$N@VS(E-X(G29P;]

.X`*F*%[4\?#Z1.H:
09N
&



M*$+%]V;(=88G#55T'D'BE`NC8%J%BNO-D.OL;K3U$-1N/2G.0=7N*K?C:%7V

NHK++92;QNU&)PX/

Q//7%XZ-Z)
_6PQQYL


[=0MIS)D'J5V7D:LQL][`D0MMP/W4C^DA]2K[(Z3V-UXVDC
M*G#8))YE=%Y&J.+Y3%L!&T9-BKS
[3F=UHV'VSB^PHF/HQZ2EF-R


M(E[5%:2ZD-](GM=&2E_8#:$#/[N[3[O;
MRSN77_5U7\#EX2VYD+^2ZI*5M9&3

FT+L41#4N+D[SL4&?
BU[%?=N/X
M:'0X'
Y(67Q[;P[!&^_Z6K3+$


N7


M7=0?.UYNQHN:0T002J*FK-M019AWM\00VVU=\4=1O3:\'520CA_*`?S[?7WL
M/Z


MX9NZZD0OML

PD5*=+KF/
HCB+1:;&I8@4Q[T/'M
OR.YP4A8;1:C`GZI^:G
MWOHYZ/?B]$M7;WZK6P[9AGV2._`LQ(M$?VSDK^#B:'+UT[@#?W3!AF_+U\/P
MISC]RNO=?H#M9K`BN;#YYN.1]Q5D%
+
).1*G$``?@W:&I9&I1\GW\_U1O
MAOTRC)
92U&


IV?`
4ON
M
9.P9V;*C.%:+.
MAKKT


(A8IJRU%2!*WG7^
#3^4']

;K1A[HZG)D



(CC^*;V+`9X
MH1Q_W



$J8(2=IOWW.[;3)':Z+.E%
M&N+7KY]S#IS#XO:E:YUG
G+*^@P%KH\



3;P@1#CCT/$.-$




I
[073`O@@!YRX5*T&]*MOSHN\
;MOT\TNHK
M[0ED&^HD*[!B[$E*'ROY$VSV3G8_J`I\'YV*U'C3BA]L^X70=2.@W`E$)`.;


M!RSOP6`.SN]'!*%([9T4JRT`RZ$




FQ=W%/D6(+[]`.5-O)M43C)4&:Q$%D)_)8


Z31DC@
K;XC1[I
OQ9$?C([


$%``&``@````A`.GAQCUP/```









K2R@V]BP^ZESUPV(%WV^'[-T2!;Q$0TI9EO^^GEY+
MRGK%O%P5BXMB-$:7KF=PSJ28E.CE\72TDA+EV</CX][1_IZ]^7PWSL\'/;8
M3'5=CE?33^6LQ3X.YFX
O5F



T=64

B&%07J7
M-W





MBA\GO_?S1LFL:7
B+ZC3U&M#LP[*O1&RL;0[8RTS1:U77^?;2K6(9_GKZ)7E




M`



M4\NBH(6EJH








9DAJ]
M`8



@O


MNN-U7H)5-[!8?H+;4'%

MFEF7OO`#%:?

%1F
XRAM0
MLOR!?%$8V((8@8YB+'R

X*'I%V5R[_^Y7])*P=0%*W1#T$B
M&O:/GQ![\='DW+3M6OD)YD*


C7P76


MY]4W]M/T-UZ3$Q#U=+#?FHJ0I8;5]NQXJEYS3#ERA&!B/)2*(._@%//'!FO!






M!*KPV:V6?_:X^K)3S_V`@8DK)+DDNS&LQZTX^J
*GSXF+&NN:T5G4X
[O9

5
KW%AJ










GVB

96PQ/A9^TSV-9K/X1NE
)IBSE]H/[)+\A

\F-W(9A-J2A@9)!X4CF5X.20W




+@VR



M-73V-:












-6
M:
!TY8
0]B

L$815M,GYMN-9[]




M*=BN%6`N`G2E?





T?0D^T
82.G;D2*9UUEGD)MEXJ

+


._.LC-^.63'JF




*45D3VE!/;E:D)QSP5Z=GS?QZ&BD3=E^XH)[
LZ0I:7Y+;;OHX^.O_C%K^WHIJOJBQ(KAR<GA/4\+



0_QNH;1C'
M\3.9HCT'`N`@Y:ZA2%.'#QN%)-V-P117R5G*'3#$$*9G!A+38KF@K2T6&[43



MH







R].(SI+S<39L#E0Y\1O-D#:E
M\#6O]`WG-9W#]W&!NL1*JG?JU8F$X/E[3G
0J$J.TJWA.:FGMW11KOS%9
MA3OP9I45O)5M(OOC.R@-#+,SISHHSN/5)V_'JX5.NKC;=SDD23!W'HYY:F3
MX%:I+%E#&M._5H$:(3

MD_QA]M#
B=EK79_S
1:%$2]+.QMV_\I;V
MT,GNY<&0<[1Z8A


+K?H2/;P

M$4
R\_ZO9'
`F..4Y!\`W?5H

;.JGZ9-;9^6&2


MECJJTYKD'0JELP'J7&GO?&*'1*]K+`.0CW!(3-#3S?='E&[JBPYE'/*)*$2H


MIBP5#1&C]^BW@GU_X6H(4C76;C[RU\9'M$D''_;VCS%4[(GXRN[V;6G@8TS2





M$M3J.JS6(L7!L4WF5)B_37

$:
Y2!B\?C0



M#MI&\Y^).



DEK#87K'1Z8/_W%8YC`5410OFJ/










'1Z2U)STW1LID-5#I4-ESS@^X?NM92WH]N%M$U


M*W)AAMQ])RA1IT(I[W%0?GVE$0/YMAW9I*#O3/\@LF?*]-N-HP.7)+4*EF36

TQ$5'^A%-6+R`HL'*RJRQNVLF#!




M


R#R]W


`1M0?;^1^
MVJ=U;7C8OI7[`_Q8E[7



XH'&^)J*

_K
MP;A'XT-W.J:^$%+ZF%
%7#(Z*6ZFR@;0CH0SK\


<6#:\6\1;<[R/

#WUF.H3[A_9=FJMGCXT'6CA[6Y_$[=7A




[U3.WMCY)9*P]LT


_8N+N

1SR($HRO.@GSLP%!%*R7
\G]I?\
F'.

M

MK8^.B4C2?






Z1?R_Z




@U6P@
MK-80IUXF;YJC)5V2FVR6((UN:Z;C5WYJ

M]?4UW]PPM0!LT
N^

O?JMI+MY;K)NG-JIV^\=X6^D]$T
M+38


MMD\^E[]



M.9J[EO31MO)K9=RM8WI2'')#RV%VL
FB9.P``OJP^V*=_'Z`EO8XL^JL5=W.



MW$NY6!&D0X=UPGR?F1\-=X]:A8%'K4S[S]G@9BVXB5QT6NP6F[J-$CU8_*N[


=7&T'GL76Z;2


M4=3$8




SK353




NVLY_3]]N25?[VMW[T
5=
ML2M$N#OB;Z5#\L)S=X&NH






M\8!0(W#T1JROW()!F(1

MB:BL0
U*95N



MK![U?IMS1(Z?Y_GG_`\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!@#M;CI#```G\`
M``T```!X;]S='EL97


V:KR6YTLH]X6*)TLY\\\WL[.R2



M)%U?^7O/]**=M@KV?K30Q]DA+?[FPWJAG^M:;/(R6`.(W_U['T3?_B;^\^8/
M;]X
__7-M__XP5[_\Z??%[_[Z1M]D*HA

M:'3*5U9E79*&C]4#L
/)9=&!KEO3OR]

^V5^U

`C!H!O'O



PGL_GY&(`
C1E3=50$$P!P
M


+8SH^CR=LDE1[



%XDP20_X6F.^$2'<+HK-[=1?(G5
MC6VZF2YL,8$$1K4;05,EX&8R<!99[:.CX,,F9=WX*JAY$8U%H^KT)-4'%#,K
MVW5_Q/+B[YNLHH%%PNNKIPVYZ`.NQ,&K(O:$GP+*_')V[AZB3\`Q*I&X\I&
MFK7=NL^?]MZ]'9KL\ARF@AW%%?_\TPTKN_+/[USGP?=LMLRIQV*^#X/(7D7L
M\B%V\J
*SZ0SR@1)(*GCWZXQJ641.!)F(\^^F$9K50_\*)4/P27L'Z9\8`7
M2B5!#2Z@05V'1R86Q)$8`35#`[L2#B`\52`26B*``(T1P!P:J*B3S\8
MD6P&


MJ
J1Q!6J4B2!`(PHR9#4$ZI2)
6@*D?FKIBH2I$$@JH


JC&@OQ




B;)Y'Y0`+WN?Q768#H2-(9!*,\JI$%8)LMA?=)O%5E=


Y288^S&)[)7UG7*24+I^9-T_00)'L+.3CDFS<M%B*8^[K0MP)<(?L
MUH%,`NV@X9E`J^G)36XG2LS




Y?ANY

M9





M'X
@XXB7



M:
161`A.DD2$W#D1[%.?=F).!


Q?W]KCL]FPYO9

=#V-G#XF$7E)%QN7/A




0^']

MPC3V4(PC('M[




R[6ZU


M5-O[



M\&V!1T7XD$9$HEOD!WP'0SAG$E)R-QOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X

J6'@XBX-RYF)6
MQ!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C

$5Q]1%0YG$#?7O,TD4FI`.)$B[AO&B&





M
Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

+(]IV]C4M
MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@


YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6
M'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5*`FIWQ?0.)C:`=$5[PP#4$%=]3FOR'^K_-.4O#



ML&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&

25-

&G*H&AAQZ8



MEK1U;E@S9D4+BMM$#]#C3JV-X@Z7IF%V


MY)1M-Z$^?R0




;0-%EB;A-G


$%``&``@````A`.8#
ZDGU3TE\_;R\N*;&.]Q7O=`\E?01+K]8?
M/ZP.VNQL^`(

M




M`*]$2=\96!#^
-X/LG)M26=%E
_C68)PL@7K;J6GI$3LK=/J3P`EWM1$DCZ1


N

`J8&0[3?OO=XT#







MW7

Q

M.Q5_6PGTHFD2RX'?
ME



EW::5FDY34U'0+:TJB5*^UVW2`[^&V:&#/WCZCD[F-VX$
M?0'F[2$`G;4E!?U.1

M6`#..5?]0&\P?)37_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!XF+L#Z`@``R@@`


M&L#0B`254K9+RQ)926HL3-:2!NX4C-=8PI#O+=%R@O-N45U9KFV'5HUI@S3#
MDG^$@Q4%S4C*LD--&JE).*FP!/VBI*TXL]791^AJS)\.[4W&ZA8H=K2B\K4C

&*-GQZ?Y-]H0,!MB4@'L&'M2T(=<3<%B
MZV+U?1?`=V[DI,'2OY@QZ^$[DL):0=0D*IKF;^F1&1@*-8;J8
E:!`#@:


V)X1
M*@9%FPXF+-#;BP8CAZ+_'^99FP(K;6?6C9X8G$G0BX1W@227D+\:-'3C-1



MJ2IA9.R@^H4#

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#.B).3
M/P0``



MF/OU\/-/NQNM7]F%$.Z`0LGV[H7S:NMY++F0`K
9K4@)WYQH76`.E_798U5-


MX/KU6GU):%&!Q#'+
_[1B+I.D6R_G4M:XV



M2


MB#IU$^(QLH-#]SVEJ$JN7[LZ!S)F#AK%


4)SOW[$O8`-]\9:R6R;)K*`JWF1FTB^;T:G6E]C-L

;
=V/$9K[S2/N!6RX-P8.):*Y-]9T

1&]?D
8':A.XP5
M@BTS('H(8J.;'H+<%K40S$Z$[*TS,)9\=(<9_+4_:VR9`=%#@&P]$(*@];40
M&.TF1))1JS

63B41D]%+$%*J%\TIGDAJF%8+3/$-F;:F!TK^@.




M%
;]K(^BN-:N7B3Y+(D+3/A'(
*G+AB6Y*:2WZ@@*B*JLJ




=I($Z]T.DFX(,]ACI%:4?D<S*<J@DR1$&7:2
MAAW':1VE%Q*P+D/I(2R^90PI#78#4.XE
`QE%\
G#ZD;1^2VX?D
5(K2K]/


/Y`L
MRN:3Q1!AY#


M7_U[@@\V*Y:PP&0#QB7]0OMH/D$M/P/``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`



__V'5;@




MFM(W&*/CX\!U9@YK-A.;]!!VQ

M:QH3

M60U5-QF#4A)G;;F0U1O]`D^.I9E-.,05C3(5GR-);.`VCH\Z3$HAD)\KHI
M




00





M#[]+/MRU
+]!X'B+1])K[0A





=H*\]7[)+ADRK
M92G1@4\[,5`5=)WDUPO*5LLA/S\D[.SDF]A&[SX:67Z6'6RL4R^`!NM'SST

M%@/`)U'2=P8FA#\-[YTL75/0+(Z26;Q`--F`=;?2
U(BMM9I]3-@DCU3X$CW

M`%!+`P04``8`````$`EOK1J&

O



MH7X^$`@&6]KH;)R!WSOC4![SE\OP1_OV:UF=S@-


Y;T_%77F`[.C&4]D/645FD;QT@]M

/B15@;T*


YZIXCEL(OE=*8')-)=E\20?5'$
MP;

M*)

%@ZU01D?I-L.1^P1=B*+0;)MEQ9=((HB]E
MCA-HE3=39E]T%/

MLDG&M\-I8TWKUK5M3UFO*:.X9.&_[MPUAJ3(:=O/%)Z33()DPZ0-S-\8T6R
MIBTZH]







M&%Z]].9'%^(O68]!T9*@Q(_@?D`7F@01?'LOX.L(/EMU//
C^%35\22
X
L0




M8J_-UC8`CB!#9PO:.-?GC%G1@.(VT3UT^*?21G&'2U
SVQO@Y7!(M2P;C69
%J_HE11&6UVY!.E8/1USC?LAB'3<E%*
MS




M:&5E=#$P+GAM;*Q76X^;.A!^KW3^`^*]`7


KR&@^SW38ES4IXZ
MW#-)


`Q4?!0E6J0#\3/D$F

M7&EQG:F4




PV2-.1N+NPP

]\3PL87V-J:_OILOP
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A``9[&B%G



M#3VI6B0AR[M\.6_9V8'.`GW\D&.?!@DX4]%+S4
^?I8.R`

M:GA:!K-H[IT@[T7/6=_@F(Q4
3#)Z#;3``_T#J(A71\@&KV@:/6ZM0(N4826
M0L50)ID&&`JA/A^@$+TL7/C4TAJ;DM:2$^@D*_/I0!EDZXBA&UK@`W2C%V@H
EWX[=6KVA7)0I_RNY8(T<5<=7`ZD)19IB.&

1
X


M&+.6YE^0#.$S4_@-@;!*X5(-A7V.QOPP*!))IZ4DD*QR+'9!;YP=AD9`8C
M]
-P
AD8AMP`QN)O)UHX


W
!7XV0EKS2VHW&2


FT+D41#4FYOWQF*
MDDE:M.E-$H^'\_
?DI\4KK]_5J7WSIJVX/7&)[.Y[[$ZY[NB/FS\?_Y^_I;Z

CJ[)VQD^L

M-*S


M^

M9^/MV#Y[*[N_^



86:%*)+H4&

AHY5C=-TA)NM2
@**BD



M20AI3\S$`J%P`D)+:/3U321&&:J20!^?HHE%@*%=Q%(9!MJ4P1*+`3%QSU


MZ/`**$8:RE-D2BUDH@:9Q+I&U$59(DEY71'%8#(:$U

1(P[.D


MU4K[4H?)F9




MZ4M
R=U$EP0!.7/2FJ(68X]!_A1R&#RG%D(A
Z


;)R@


MT[;:E:?GC?7/WU^6H;6HF_RTRP_5J=A8/XK:^O3X\T\/;]7E:_U2%
P_OJE/-=7MN-V#MTQOWQ]/2^WU?$,
M%$_EH6Q^M*36XKB]_^WY5%WRIP/H_BZ\?'OE;K\,Z(_E]E+5U;ZY`[H5+G2H
M.5I%*V!Z?-B5H$&?7$I]AOKL[C/W

MIP*B#7F2&7BJJJ\2^MM._A-


MFQC(B

]F<1*1F1!$9G+3#F)RV2U&
&L^B$


M65PI2UBL0)A.7K!J4-6T%T41[['==$


D2J$'HEA




MD


M)&?$(WE

A





2JV`0PG:MM(9))F!A&B5[8?7[[36=A9OOZP`
M8P52.DB_P+PJ@!X

MR`_Y?WVGF*BR8PT5=S21

-V^YSN#PZ
9+)F)A8J4
M_D)S1Q




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#X6!B2[@4`

X$
;?GW3?

M?ZKRK3/^=KI]\_9+6VU^JXXE9!OJIKPW#0O2OIUH]Z#WNS3W\9*O!'ZVS*



MY+?S=DU!T.0M:$ILY6W:


N3-J@I
MFW&NL
NT!N'N9!!/*R

MEB2[*J&8:D8;F!_@X40G\\TJ7LI1HS
H`N$+JS4S*N$Q#\+IM%
\-:8-O(59
MQ.%.
*=3IPN-&HWI1SRR#P@W%8+)]XX'5^/:8/P@A4I-FS9SIUF0XUF@^3X
M\=1EN@V)Q`]#$4Z%HFT/&)AG'.FRGDS,I0JKZIP5XT)_=#:2DRHNQ'XA)
M02EOL@L^]PO.K!2E6G1NQ$2P()P=%-
U[KB


M3Z!$HX-J3M


Z-?873T&A
MU';RI@&&9=4BO39G
9N=7RH1D1\:WW

L!!N640J3(O@410D]@^JC$@L?H*GON:;1WE9PZ?LHXT
MM_U$BW0+)B*15I8SHHAD'`13EBGE37;BHP^0@<BGR%AA+3('CB7)KDHHWTV&
MXE\P%&X;BA;I`\+E#`Z#F/S&P*1T:K`O'M=PA3H?@U-SZ^S-O<)8?=HNU@5







^I*`_V&G1U

M4+9^0D2$FPJN!A[@BS]1AG!5#HC&I+.I`L)(P$C(2,1(S$CB4E02*`(FR$9
MOB7I8B



14@X0O

#=S@S$@
/056B/A3'V6!+38T9\1@)&
M0D8B1F)&$I
@KT2O;-SM/O9*&&.O)%FNNC5ZDL3#.4H6RE=&LM
2-[9`$:==
MVNG$G9&E92

/M
M)8%.VQPV)P$:U:E
V+:\37:R05M%$L;5MX











M/^6'0SW*RC=Q_`OO8![N.BS/IH/Y&MYRPW







M3G



M-RPQ%8(3_0J.#*8XJ(!]GT!_9I=+']3CF`K!N:$XJLJGL'??3I


MK.?09XX.LF##/HC`PHQLV-NY;/OP,IQ%!85`Q85FM5=J*#+-B;R[`
6J=-



7S6I`L^^`UR/+[
MW\;4



MVQJP#F/X&70A/HJ3Z)+.X!]PRL

?JK.G5I?

R

M965T





\]*25*9`]5JPW?-)CW4S+EXLC=+\[HE11&
M6UVZ.E8/0\YP5;




1QX4^\7=V*N4G8S:-

#031


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#`3])21`8``$87


N#FMSB\(4$]/:K+H)^KLL7IK1_XWF



MOT+)W4(L;JJ;HR1KL\VJIB\&%![(;JX9*V

M:Q-6#$Q$`RF^;8B/5M8-TI(+3C3E:(Q8





DM)MJ0*I'EG#'GG\8'F*]CZ45,0.&N.
MC(\2&/OJO

M!^D6'7@L4TPW8\6ZU+5%/.$ON

V^L4%TR


/:
MUWNMA%3%P\KO#KVQ8`G%'O9\K1LG*H
@WQT\J8K'/13F^$N[!_L`T`X-`G)@

MT1IY+%CD*NO70'H?QB1.?83N`


KI$^CM(6O!TR=Q$
S\<?^`M73?5GD/#B-H$]-H<*NXG1\!H6;X$;QBE@\&Y_QMG7`[+\D-
6F,<W&`Q-O=L;;F]Z#\1TNO4!!PETE;N+_L_GN^^HKN!L]NUYH+25
M/]@+^AOPS;\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#FYP]V0




@HSE!E(I




N9)2-EL`-OB=3

XEHOJ$$/LW5(&

MT
@TAN]$03AK:';EG;\XQ[YM5Y)UNP.BVUV?3XHTV`U\W_-7^1T(8'H.VID+
M1S

3&-X3A0'T12J

MT.6L
SU`;CSOP0'R^JYFN


O@K6PT-`V
0$-5_^WA`:;P(GK
M6$`^
2;&%SG!U++O_P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`'O\]:8S!```XPT`
=5KM[SQ2<!!4PPD[3_ON;L0W!)-OT[OH2PN3CXYO/8\]D
M]?FEKJQGVO&2-6N;S%S;HDW.BK+9K^T?WQ_N[FV+BZPILHHU=&V_4FY_WGSZ
M;75BW1


MYKQTE@XP;59%1F@[59'=VM[2Z*4S&UGLY(&_2SIB8^^6_S`3E^ZLOBC;BX




S;^;;T2;0KN0Z;B




M_V#YO9B0A*8HI$I7=:NT2M.TCV?'7
`*QLAVFO;?[QH3FJR=FKT8^W)\SOWT







\K;
M]']D/#BGN([.)[-XY`W*`3
[PJ0CXB1`A)P?H`=C#8YID_1J)`[2`72



!-)5M+
M&BB1


M_P





?1GICXKJ5H2





MNN+:1JV2P2C**B&*
FCIM5JSLH^&1F`IHB!/K#X?M/3`-T!&;1Y-!UDA*$=9

@**-)^$/CQ9C#X!&YBV$9N(P1/^]F)Z





TJ7[4

^2N.`E/U43D'-DH*;GE;-R0&F[/B;@
M0$R[5;#3QGXB`?6([6S7]03]F[!;V?G?*B_\]EN1'+\G.8/9ACR)##QS_B*H





M;H0.=B

@8UCA*!9]Q
*6Q3D[
A_GJOMOT/#FGMU!TN62]?74AR.$J*#0MB_.)''^V_.[ZY_



MV?\TD.9?KZ\-ZY%_*3_

%U9Q_N!W!;8;[Y:0KZO4+3`&X`S`&[60`_LWMP

PC7G-3JS/Z+BG.2EE;(3)
6M?W47\J)4?JCX%9(%MYV\@AO.^M\+







MO^\$!(.GSNA5N?Y]&N?-U\[-M_U9]_+ZNW]Q;*'4-$(K#E[F=6-EO(*)B9
M!+&PM*WWX`#\.SI48FI`1C8_Y/&SVK7OJW$PG\0S+_2!/GHIF[:HA
GQ:/O1
1Q'

6

^`5A2LB+.W06@-6GP&S=!#
`4,R83C
M(+F#%#9PIFYX<Q@E[T[&F&'1H
(C6;&%HLAF6@


@#L\






%&1O'0B))%IQ.9-:#62L;F+(Z/-^6UU%)*OH9W6:
M0:
7HC=X0Q+WH4Q;$2(A*U9L]9+(HO%Y;.GDVA9HEY4KIAG%+5LT/J&#P^-3

M*!:L=8OE.9-QL?9*NXQ:)9$#([/`M*E$FQ%!1W3PK3`*&N
ID+Y2Y4$(BZ

]JY7/`=KW:OMM74

MK^$U_S1)CQ#XXDO.=Z$;1$YGK\^#XI;+)*4\*Y^0;)IOX073L-6;5SH=R%




(NI^HK2#D5E
AWR:HK#A'J^H'
A7(7*@A$


M:

=%?K(=FT

^W=4%
M1&X7@)!]+Z2ASLT

`:Z6:=
MM77+594AZV);3+

02QV_


MK(+(C$7(GK$(R;:1+AFQ]P]W`/7$ZAY$LF`2LYSQ9A!9F+.'WI0I0S=3%C-I


MPQGIJG
F@3-)K[49G)$3D8\)P`-X)=#C`0SI'0%A]D:Y6
(7*3UV?`^N+3_9
MY=?VX4M@^&JB;TP`9X*^
^%BN88FT1T#_?0R[3T#'QP_]]H2E^^QM(:+]_(A

M_P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`(8]&]%]`@``

MY[(I

M
5!SA_';2K;VQ*;$-72*F]V^O1%:M4BQE;5T+QTI)4JDCV6C#=_6Z/LYGG!Q

F5;+7*(#GW9BH
CH.DXW








2YX;6R45%UOFS`4?9^T

$@YU\$UOKPR<CBR^R!30;R^0+L-/ZWD/OK^%
MA]G)Z=N^`-\
*:#D^\9]UX?/(*O:8;4O

MUO,T7K$'=$X,F&W`X'/$O`8BH[*J':^L@=[96^M#V4;-J8RR1C(D<S\?V0\
M.*?X'(.?IR^\03E@%A-
^K8R0LY/T(.Q!E/:4V\#:(KYBS0VU?G2'MQ+C^8.

/!A

$%``&
M``@````A`




&W`Q7+X106C`\NA\(+
M5D`3N&\[T`'SG.QOC5H%(D(B0E).&$I#9!L`.9BOP]E`+8QRH(@%DDA6H


]`@2PE:L-
M7OC`\2MBQT](J
F\U2C29%K!.;Y`9X
6F1$






MLF9[9-K=:$QZ%:(A)N4.O&+0V-@72#5&(?J@VE-:X--;*W-8WPMA8X3WVA

V=V^5&@NZY;$/
M%9C2VA%)U9SVZFL4,X$SA-CJ*VLAI%&3`4RG_O!EA;I=01QP[8K-E06Q


M'-^;+Z?

]W[ZQ3Z7ONL:JB-K14?6<FZ7K3


MSHZ\Z:Q
X%%$44Q10E%G)QDDAV59:@2@MU





?GL].(U_#HS*F5
K/]BP

M*?)-14^N:9[-0#T%^#?Q!&!C[I]_SKX```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`K
M59I)1`


'I9_


MDE636]1U&)]0LR3G0OWN


YI#B3340;])HU.)D
M3688VE#FQD9'@C&RSE0.9$9?H



G?%3)WB+VGSO&H?QJG[(V?X

XW+YMD[\`
M``#__P
`4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`
[@0

!`@``%!P``!
`````````````


M;'
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`*E!5BGQ!```.A(``!@`````````````````]`X``'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#5&R4CL@(``!$'```9
M`````````````````!L4``!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T






M`

O

S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`

M





M%``&``@````A`-7$V:R.!```UQ```!@`````````````````Z$(``'AL+W=O


``.T)



M````$`Y@






M:&5E=#(V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`1G7PO?0(``#$&```9````````




&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`
R



M965T





M`````````````````)


O




$`0``````
`
end











    
  
      

          
















          

        
        
        


        

100
000

200
000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        

200
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        

000)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        

075
000
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



        31:
        

        
        
        

        
        
    

Manufacturing
 warehouse
 display equipment and molds
261
522
352
966
    

    
33
570
29
570
    

    
133
700
125
000
    

    
(88
740)
(24
663)
    

    
340
052
482
874



        
        



        31:
        

        
        
        

        
        
        

    
779
968
761
963

    
187
276
159
706

    
125
000
125
000

    
50
160
50
160

    
62
675
31
750

    
(54
228)
(23
631)

    
1
150
851
1
104
948





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 type of asset
 asset classification
 useful life
 useful purpose
 acquisition cost
 method of acquisition or disposal
 depreciation method
 gain (loss) on disposal pretax and net of tax
 date of acquisition or disposal and restrictions on amount of proceeds from donated assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

500
000
        
        


        
        

000

000


        
        

083

600


        
        

083
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        

030

114


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

030

114


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

as of December 31:



        
        

        
        

        
        

    
396
014
202
255

    
(13
680)
    

    
382
334
202
255

    
4
366
    

    
7
000
    

    
37
699
    

    
431
399
202
755

    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
M




M93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='


T0B5V]R:W-H


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K




M+U-H965T
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q



O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@
M2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
3




\+W@Z3F%M93X-






T0B5V]R:W-H

C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@



O4VAE970R
M





M
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K


3%?4W1O8VMB87-E9%]#;VUP96YS871I;VY?

T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-

#I.86UE/C-?06-C;W5N
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O

O4VAE970S

#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


3%?4W1O8VMB87-E9%]#;VUP96YS
M871I;VY?1&5T
#I.



M+U-H965T



T0B5V]R:W-H


M


M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M=&5C=%=I;F1O=W


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C9E

M
35?839F8E\V9F9E


T0G




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N
M+B`S


T1T




]
M

]
M


]


M86QI9VX]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E
M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P
M
3



]

]
M


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]






]



]
T1T


]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




M




]

M96%R($9O8W5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
C`Q
M

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?
M-F9F93)F8F
U

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


]




T1T
M;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C(P





34L-3$W/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/C$P



C`\




#4R/'-P


]


]


;V%N(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L(&YE



T1T;W`^26YT86YG

L(&YE=!O9B!A8V-U;75L871E9!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@
M;V8@)#4T+#(R.!A;F0@)#,P+#4Y-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


2PQ

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S
S+#4X.3QS





M3&EA8FEL:71I97


#$L-#$X/'-P

S0W


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]
M

M8VLL(#$P

XP,#`P,2!P
M87(@=F%L=64L(#4Q+#8U-PQ

2PT
#(@:7-S=65D(&%N


]


BPV-C@L-3@P

M-RPX




M;G5M/B@W+#@P-BPY


]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E
M

35?839F8E\V9F9E



M='`M97%U:78]

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P




]









M1&YU;7`^

]



]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C$P






]

2PT




2PV-30L
3




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-30L


M-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X





]

T1)1#!%1UE!13X-B`@(`@

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]
T1R;SX-



M86QI9VX]


BPR-S$L





]





]
T1N=6UP/C(X.2PT






]
T1N=6UP/C(T.2PR-#




BPU
M


#(L




]
T1N=6UP/C$P




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]









RPW.#DL-3


\+W1D/@T*



]


]
T1N=6T^*#0X
M
RPR








]


]
T1N=6T^*#DS+#
V





]







S0L-S8R+#`P


'0O:'1M;#L@


]

T0R


#$S/&)R/CPO

]


]









]


]
T1N=6UP/C
W

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^07-S970@:6UP86ER;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

3$U+#

]




M

\


M



]


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M1&YU;3XH
C0R+#








M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T-3
L



]
M
T1N=6T^*#$S+#4V


M;3XH
BPY



M=&EV:71I97





]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#@U/'-P



3(V+#0R



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W-BPU





]



M($%C=&EV:71I97

]


M





]





M87-H(T@0F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F(%EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

]

2PW-S0L.3DT/'-P86X^


]

L(&1E8G0@86YD('!R97!A
M:60@97AP96YS97






]


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
3@Q#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A
M-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X

#8N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$





]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPT
#0L.3@S/'-P86X^

I(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]

M870@)#`N
S`@+2`R


]




@:7-S=65D(&%T(0P+C,P(T@
C`Q


]
T1T









]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]


]

#`\


M




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U

]



]
T1T





]


M





]





B!P97(@


]
T1N=6UP/C(T.2PV


M=&\@97%U:71Y(&EN8V5N=&EV97






]
T1R





]







]

]
T1T


RPU



M
T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CPO=&0^#0H@



C0L-C4S

M86QI9VX]

M
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T


M1&YU;7`^-#`L-S`Q+#0P

]
M

M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L


]
T1R93X-



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M:&%R97



C
L
S
R



@:7-S=65D(&9O

S

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P

]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

C4L







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#4P
M


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]




2XT
B!P97(@


]
T1N=6UP/C$T
BPP



2XT





]


]




3(L-3`P/'-P

M:&%R97




]





M
SDU+#@R



]



]

]



RPQ.#(L



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A
M;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q





M+#$X

]



5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
3@Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q
M-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X




M:G


M9#TS1$E$
$5


]


M9VX]







#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q


M
#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`P)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M;F$F(S$U
SL@3&5M;VYA9&4@86YD($QI;65A9&4L($YA='5R86P@0V%B86YA
M)B
Q-3
[($-O8V]N=70@5V%T97(@86YD(%!53%-%)B
Q-S0[(&)R86YD#0IO

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
F9B



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R


]


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M97



T0G9F]N=#H@

M


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E(&]F('1H

M='









@



M;6%T97

@
M;V8-F]P97)A=&EO;G,@=VEL;!B92!A9F9E8W1E9X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8W1A8FEL:71Y#0IO9B!O=7(@=')A9&4@86-C;W5N='



M='
@:7



M:6]N#0IO9B!P;W1E;G1I86P@8F%D(&1E8G1S+!B860@9&5B=!C:&%R9V5S
















M=6-T*'
I)B


-G1H870@
M8V]U;&0@869F96-T(&1E;6%N9!F;W(@;W5R('!R;V1U8W1S(&EN8VQU9&4@

@86YD+V]R#0IC;VYT
M:6YU960@=V5A:V5N:6YG(&]F(&5C;VYO;6EC(&-O;F1I=&EO;G
N($%D9&ET


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G
M9F]N=#H@










M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





V
TQ,TP-2P@)B






M;V8@86X@87-S970@8GD@97-T:6UA=&EN9PT*=&AE(&9U='5R92!N970@8V%S






M

@;V8@;W5R




M9V5S+B!790T*979A;'5A=&4@;W5R('1R861E;6%R:W
@86YN=6%L;'D@9F]R






@:7
@




@8F%S960@;VX@;W5R(&)E





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H(%-T869F#0I!8V-O=6YT:6YG($)U;&QE=&EN
M(@F(S$T-SM304(F(S$T.#LI($YO+B`Q,#$L(%)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I
M;VX@:6X@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E;65N=',L(&%S(')E=FES960@8GD@4T%
M($YO+B`Q





@82!C

@=VAO


M:7-C;W5N='
L('-L;W1T:6YG(&9E97
@86YD(&]T:&5R('!R;VUO=&EO;F%L
M(&%L;&]W86YC97
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`V




2!W:71H('1H92!P<F]V:7-I
M;VYS#0IO9B!!4T

@.#(P
M)B



M;65N='





T0G9F]N=#H@

M





T0G9F]N=#H@

M(#`@







N(%5N9&5R#0IT:&4@87-S970@


@=7-I


@97AP96-T

M86YG97






M=&%X97

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


M;F-O;64@=&%X97


@






M8FEL:71I97



L





M=&5N=&EA;&QY('-U8FIE8W0@=7
@=&\@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@;V8@8W)E


M=&EO;G


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0O;F]R;6%L(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97,L(%-E<FEF.R!M87)G:6XZ(#9P=`P(#`@
M


2P@
C`Q
R!T:&5R92!W87
@
M;VYE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@8W5S=&]M97(@=VET:!A(&)A;&%N8V4@:6X@97AC
M97-S#0IO9B`Q,4@;V8@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@=&]T86QI

S4E(@R,#$R(T@

M9!T:&5R92!W87,@;VYE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@8W5S=&]M97(@:6X@97AC97-S
M#0IO9B`Q,4@;V8@;F5T('-A;&5S.R`Q
B4@*#(P
3(@)B



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@-S$X)B
Q-#@[*2X@4W1O8VLM8F%S960@








M;WEE97
@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`W

M-2TU




M(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!V97-T960@


@=&AE;BUC=7)R96YT(&9A
M:7(@=F%L=64@87



M97




M)B






M97









M;VYT.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@


M(S$T-SM%4%




2P@
C`Q


'!T+VYO



2`R,#$R+!T:&4@1D%30@T*:7-S=65D($%352`R
#$R+3`R+`F
M(S,T.TEN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B,Q-3$[1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T:&5R(A4;W!I
M8R`S-3`I.B!497-T:6YG($EN9&5F:6YI=&4M3&EV960@26YT86YG:6)L92!!





M86QU92P@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R!I;7!A:7)M96YT('-T97!S('=O=6QD(&)E


#$R+3`R(&ES
M(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@=7


M





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
3@Q
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?
M-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X

#DN:'1M





$5






@

RX@
M06-C;W5N='



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@


M/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P


#L\

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P

M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\



T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M:68G/E1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.38L



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`R+#(U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

M-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G





M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN

M97

T0G





M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T






M5&EM97




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@







M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@



@3F5W




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




BPW
M-34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U

O
M4VAE970Q







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]










T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


C`Q

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
3

'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]P/@T*(`@









M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;'


T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

M-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97





M:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4










]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

]

M.B`Q






M9&%T960@1&5C96UB97(@
C0L(#(P


M;W!M96YT+!W92!L;V%N960@)#(P,PP





S`@;V8@=VAI
M8V@@)#4L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E

M
35?839F8E\V9F9E



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^




]







S$Z/]P/@T*(`@(`@(`\


#L\+W`^/]T9#X-B`@

T0G9F]N=#H@











38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


3!P


M;&%Y(&5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@;6]L9',\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


2PU
C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M




M9RUR:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



3$U)3L@9F]N



M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@=&5X



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@

3

#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O;G0M



3!P=#L@;&EN92UH


M/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@



M
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q








#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,7!X)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V







@8V]N






T0G9F]N=#H@




M/C(P
3

'!T


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M

'!T+VYO







M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97





M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C4L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



\


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D







M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

S$L-S4P


Z(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





M






M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@



M87)T7S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X
0T*0V]N





]

M

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L











M:6]N(&]F('1H:7
@;&]A;B!W87
@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@-C(U+#`P
!O
M9B!O=7(@)#`N-#`@56YI=',N($5A8V@@=6YI=!C;VYT86EN960@;VYE#0IC

@

@1&5C96UB97(@
C$L
M(#(P


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

M9F4R9F)C-3$X






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]



M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q
R!W93H\+W`^






M=&]T86P@;V8@
3`L

`D,XT




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X-@T*/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$


L(%-E






!P97(@56YI=!F;W(@)#$P
PP,#`N($5A8V@@56YI=!C


#$V.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L
M93X-@T*/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,'!T
M)SYS971T;&5D(0R
RPS
S

S

M:6YG($9E8G)U87)Y(#(R+`R,#$V.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P









T0P

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


3!P





#`E.R!F
M;VYT.B`Q


M;&4]






M;65N=#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^#0H-CQT86)L92!C96QL


M
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q







BP@



!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXX-7!T)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
L(&AA=FEN9R!A(&9A:7(@=F%L


M;G1R;V1U8W1I;VX@=&\@86X@:6YV97-T;W([(&%N9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/]T86)L93X-@T*/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M;W)M86P@5&EM97



!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O
M;3H@



C`L
#`P+B!%86-H(%5N:70@8V]N






#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


3!P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P



M;&4]

#`@
M=6YI='




#`@=6YI
M='

M=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X-@T*/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M





M;&4]



XS,!P



M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q(&%N9`D
3
U+#0P





@1&5C96UB97(@
C$L(#(P



M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$Q+`T*)#,Q+#4X.!W87





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P)SX-CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G

M.B`Q

M;VYS(&%N9`D.PS
S


T0P('-T

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O




M
#`N($$@=&]T86P-F]F(#(T,PP





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
F9B8S4Q.#$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
M






C`Q

M97-O;'9E9!T;R!A;65N9!O=7(@07)T:6-L97
@;V8@26YC;W)P;W)A=&EO


M;&EM:71A=&EO;G



M-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U

M='
O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]






]

M97

M.2XX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$Y



S0L
C0W(&-O




M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
M







3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@




]

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`Q
2!0
M;&%N)B

M86YT('5P('1O(#0L-3`P+#`P

M:R!A=V%R9'


@87


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:6P@


M;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!A=V%R9'





@=&\@4&5R9F]R;6%N8V4@17%U:71Y(%)E8VEP:65N='
@
M9F]R(&5A8V@@
C`P+#`P

#`@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E

@870@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(X+`R,#$R('=E(&AA9!S
M;VQD(#(P


2P@
C`Q
BP@-#@P+#`P


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@=&AE

2PP.#
@=VAI8V@@=V%S(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&%C8W)U960@
M97AP96YS97
@87
@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






@86YD(&-O;G-U;'1A;G1S('1O

L
3`P+#`P

XU,!P

C`Q-RX@
M02!T;W1A;!O9B`R-24@=F5S=&5D(&EM;65D:6%T96QY('=I=&@@82!F=7)T
M:&5R(#(U)2!V97-T:6YG(&]N($]C=&]B97(-C

C`Q

2P@
C`Q
RX@3VX@36%Y(#(L(#(P
3
@


'!T




M=`D,XU
!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&]N(&]R(&)E9F]R92!*=6QY(#,P
M+`R
#$W+B!!('1O=&%L#0HR-24@=F5S=&5D(&EM;65D:6%T96QY('=I=&@@

S$L(#(P
3
L($IU
M;'D@
S`L(#(P
3

S$L(#(P
30N($%S(&%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#


M-2PP


C`Q
B`M(0Y,30L,#,V*2X\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97






2P@
C`Q

M960@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@=&\@
RPQ
#`L
#`P('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO
M;G


M5&EM97



'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97





34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!M87)G:6XZ(#`@


M;V0@;V8@=&EM92!T:&%T('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G










M






M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
34E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U


2XR-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

30N
M

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

4\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

30N




T0G9F]N=#H@


4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G=F5R=&EC

30N
G!T.R!P861D

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@










M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R

30N
G!T.R!P

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q












M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


M9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6








T0G=F5R

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V









M/B8C

M=#H@


M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M/C
L
C`P+#`P

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]

M+3

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#$R


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O



M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M;&4]

M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G




M

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3$U

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P+#`P
D\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@






M/B8C

M=#H@


M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+71O






M+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT

#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@







@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P







C`E.R!P861D:6YG+7)I





'!T+VYO

M(#`@


34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D


@

M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q






M97


M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



Q-C`[

L
C`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I
M9VAT.B`M






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-RXX
M-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M




M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




T0G9F]N=#H@










M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

M;BUV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3

M;W1T;VTZ($)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U



T0G9F]N=#H@

C4L



M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@




38V(@R
M,#$R(T@)#(W
RPX



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
M


M;G0]

2!R



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]


M


]



M



C`P+#`P


3(@+2`D-RPX
S$I

M7S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X
0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]



T1T;W`^/'-T



T1T;W`^
3
N($EN8V]M

\






@

M8V]M92X@5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
@87)E(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D('=H





M(#`@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^1&5C96UB97(@

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!W:61T:#H@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3
\+V(^(#PO

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\


M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

T0G8F%C:V=R



M-D5&1D8[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M97-S('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
6QE/3-$


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

S0E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L




M('=H:71E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M139%1D9&.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=&0^)B

38P.SPO

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI
M8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q



T0G=VED

34E)SXF(S$V

'!X.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(-%-D5&1D8[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G
M/C(V.2PS

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R



M.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G9F]N=#H@



M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@




SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

SDR+#`P
M

M;W(Z('=H:71E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M97





M139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF
M(S$V

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q

M+#4Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V


M1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M-38Y+#(R

T0G;&EN92UH

@





@3F5W


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@





M









M8FQE.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE

`Q-RXX-7!T)SY4:&4@;F5T(&-H
M86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@
M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(-C

M;BP@5&EM97




@=&AR

'!T








L






@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
@86YD(#(P
3(L('1H97)E

M;F%L='D@:71E;7

M=&%X(')E='5R;G


M:6YA=&EO;G


@8F5G:6YN:6YG
M($]C=&]B97(@
2P@



C0W95\Y

35?839F8E\V9F9E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]
T1R;SX-


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M
C`M
3`@97-T86)L:7-H97




@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



R!M96%S=7)E;65N='
I+B!!4T
@5&]P:6
@.#(P+3$P(&1E
M9FEN97


M(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&EN(&%N(&]R9&5R;'D@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@8F5T=V5E





@5&]P:6
@.#(P

Q-3`[(%9A
M;'5A=&EO;G

@:6X@86-T:79E(&UA








T0G9F]N=#H@

M(#`@



M5V4@:&%V90T*;F\@;&5V96P@

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO




2P@
C`Q

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T0G9F]N=#H@

`Q
M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/DQE=F5L(#$\+W`^#0H@(`@



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@-G!T(#`@

M(#`@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@






@3F5W(%)O









T0G

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G=F5R

M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[3F]T92!R96-E:79A8FQE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ.#@L
#




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




M.B`Q






M
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@

M








M




M5&EM97


M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[3F]T92!R96-E




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

L

M;&5F=#H@

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

L


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M=%\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

M+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]



]
T1T97AT






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E
M

35?839F8E\V9F9E



M='`M97%U:78]

]


M97

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]






\+VD^



M:6YA;F-I86P-G-T871E;65N=',@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H(%5N:71E
M9!3=&%T97


M=&EO;G


@870@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N





M;VYS(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE('5S969U;!L:69E(&%N9!R96-O=F5R86)I




@;V8@=VAI8V@@9F]R;2!T:&4@8F%S:7
@9F]R(&UA:VEN
M9R!J=61G;65N='

M='








M17%U:79A;&5N='





M97%U:79A;&5N='


]
6QE/3-$)V9O





M(#`@

M=6US=&%N8V5S('=H97)E('=E(&)E8V]M92!A=V%R92!O9B!A('-P96-I9FEC






M($%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7





M;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='




M;F-E(&-H86YG97


@=W)I

@)#$S+#8X


2P@
C`Q
R`H
C`Q

]




T0G9F]N=#H@






M9'5C='
@8V%N(&9L=6-T=6%T92!S:6=N:69I8V%N=&QY+B!&86-T;W)S#0IT

-

M=&EO;G




M97



T0G9F]N=#H@














V
TQ,TP-2P@)B


M9RU














M;W)M=6QA=&EO;G



M=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@8F5V97)A9V5S+B!790T*979A;'5A=&4@;W5R('1R861E
M;6%R:W




38P.R!!;B!I

@:7


M:7

@


]

]

'!T+VYO







30W.U-!0B8C
30X.RD@3F\N
M(#$P
2P@4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;B!I;B!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M












M;F-E('=I=&@@05-#(#8P-2TU





T0G9F]N=#H@

M-G!T(#`@





M8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S+@T*4V5E($YO=&4@


T1T;W`^


T0G9F]N=#H@




M(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@8V]U;&0@8F4@9&EF9F5R

N




]


M;64@5&%X97


@-S0P+3$P



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!C;VUP







M(&YO=!T;R!B92!R96%L:7IE9X@1G5T=7)E(&-H86YG97



M86P@5&EM97




@:6X@=VAI




M5&EM97





@=&\@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G
@


M;G-T:71U=&EO;G

#8L(')E


2P@
C`Q
R!T:&5R
M92!W87
@;VYE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@8W5S=&]M97(@=VET:!A(&)A;&%N8V4@
M:6X@97AC97-S#0IO9B`Q,4@;V8@=&AE(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@

S4E(@R,#$R(T@

M8FQE(&%N9!T:&5R92!W87,@;VYE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@8W5S=&]M97(@:6X@
M97AC97-S#0IO9B`Q,4@;V8@;F5T('-A;&5S.R`Q
B4@*#(P
3(@)B
Q-3`[


]






30W
M.U-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B8C
30X.R`H)B




@
M-S$X(&%N9!4;W!I8R`U,#4M-3`L(8C



M;65N='

M:RP@9W)A;G1S(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@-G!T(#`@

@86YD



@







M97

@=VAE;B!C86QC=6QA=&EN9R!T

@87






@
M:7


]


M;BP@5&EM97

@86YD($1I;'5T960@3F5T#0I)






M;W!I8R`R-C`M
3`N(%=E('!R97-E;G0@8F%S:6


@
M:7

@8GD@


M;B!S=&]C:R!W87
@:7-S=65D('5P;VX@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E#0IO9B!S=&]C


2P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@=&AE(&1E;F]M:6YA=&]R(&EN

@

@9'5E('1O('1H92!A;G1I

M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



]

M.B`Q



2`R,#$R+!T:&4@1D%30@T*:7-S=65D($%352`R
M
#$R+3`R+`F(S,T.TEN=&%N9VEB;&5S)B,Q-3$[1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T
M:&5R(A4;W!I8R`S-3`I.B!497-T:6YG($EN9&5F:6YI=&4M3&EV960@26YT









M
#$R+3`R(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@=7







5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F
M93)F8F
U
3@Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4V-F4R
M-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X

M965T
C

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



T0G9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$T)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG


@3F5W(%)O

M=&5R)SX\8CXR

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^#0H@





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

SDV+#`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT












T0G9F]N=#H@




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

S@R+#
S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

V-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M5&EM97

M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S$L
M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^








]


]

T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@



M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/]T9#X-

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$T)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D

@3F5W

M8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXD/]P/CPO=&0^




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M

M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

T+#8Y-CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U

O
M4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]









M.R!W:61T:#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@





L

C`Q
M

M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


3!P



M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G



7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





34E.R!F;VYT+7-I


M;&4]

M



T
M


M

M


T1T;W`^4V-H961U







@;V8@=&AE(&9O




T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQB/C(P
3




M;BP@5&EM97



'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]P/@T*(`@





@3F5W(%)O


M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



M(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G






34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

C4L






\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




M;&4]





M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L-S4P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


Z(&%M;W)T:7IA

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@





M:'0Z(#4N-'!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

\+V9O

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

PX-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P




M-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X







]



]



M



M/3-$


M

M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
M

C`Q
SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@


M.B`M
2XR-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=F5R=&EC

30N
G!T.R!P861D

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\


M:6=H=#H@
30N

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

30N
G!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@







I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

30N
G!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

]

]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T



38E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V)3L@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M=#H@





M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M



M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^







M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M



L
C`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@+3

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U


Q




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M5&EM97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M97



M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@




M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P+#`P
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97




34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M=#H@



M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M;&5F=#H@




T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q



M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q




M;W)M86P@5&EM97











M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YD96YT.B`M





'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`M,3<N.#5P=<^)B




M=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

RPR
#`L
M



T0G=F5R

7!T('-O

M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q









M97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M

T0G9F]N=#H@










T0G9F]N=#H@


M=#H@




M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ-RXX-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PU
M-S4L

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M


T0G9F]N=#H@

M
2P@
C`Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`\+V9O;G0^

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V
M9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U

O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@3V8@
M169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;CPO=&0^




M)B




M5&EM97



Q-C`[









M:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M


M
34E)SXF(S$V

M=#H@




38P

M-D5&1D8[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

M9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@169F

3$U



M;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V


38P

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V


Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X\


T0G9F]N=#H@
M
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M


M;&4]

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M.B`Q
'!X.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


34E)SXF
M(S$V

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8CXR

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K
M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W:&ET93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M-D5&1D8[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M:6]N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!T97AT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-C@L.3

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-%-D5&1D8[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%
M1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L@3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L
M;W-S97

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!T97AT



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M149&1CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@


34E)SXF(S$V



7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


SDR+#`P



Q-C`[








M+6-O;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M1CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B






T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M4V5R:68G/B@R+#4Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;&]R.B`C139%1D9&.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M4V5R:68G/C(L-38Y+#(R
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M



38P.SPO


M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O
M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M+6AE:6=H=#H@









M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F
M8F
U


M;G1E;G0]


M



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]

:6%B:6QI

]

T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q




M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








979E



L

M8V5N=&5R)SY


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M/B8C
38P.R8C




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3@X+#`S


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3@X+#`S
#PO9F]N=#X\



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@











M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
38E.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U+C1P


M



3
E.R!P861D:6YG





M


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B0\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+71O

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@










M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M;&5F=#H@




M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
3@Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


N($%C8V]U;G1S(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@*$1E


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

M4V-H961U;&4@3V8@06-C;W5N='


]


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M

]
T1T






]







T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]



T1T;W`^/'-T



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'
@:6X@=')A;G-I


M9VX]




M-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U

M='
O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]






]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#4W



]


]


I/'-P





M-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X






]

T1)1#!%1$9!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#





]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N







]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP



]


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
F9B




]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M
3`P+#`P


]







]
T1N=6UP/C0N















M9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6

T1T;W`^1F]R9F5I=&5D(%M-96UB97)=


]
T1R93X-










]



]


#`\



]








]


M97AT4&%R=%\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
F9B8S4Q.#$-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3$N(%-T

M;VXM5F5S=&5D(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


]






M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]




T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*






]







M;G5M/B@Q+#4W-2PP




]


]


C4L


]
T1R;SX-





'0O:'1M



]


M86X]

#$S

]
T1R





]
T1N=6UP/C
T+C`P)3QS


M


S0N



]


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38V93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?
M-F9F93)F8F
U

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

3
N($EN8V]M92!487AE


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



T1T


T1T;W`^3F5T($]P97)A=&EN
M9R!
;W-S97





]

M


SDR+#`P

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#0L



T1T;W`^3F5T(&1E

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L



M;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`W-2PR
#4I

M
BPU-CDL


]




M93(T-V5?.34W
5\T83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U

O
M4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS



@06YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S



T1T;W`^3F]T



]



]

]
T1T





]







#

3DS+#$Q-#QS

]

T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
R!;365M8F5R73PO

]




]
T1T



]


M-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X






]

T1)1#!%1$A!

]



M9SY

@3F%R



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`P+#`P



]



]

]


]







]





5\T
M83$U7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
3@Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X
2]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4T2$%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S





]









]


]

]
T1T


]
T1P


]




]

5\T83$U
M7V$V9F)?-F9F93)F8F
U
3@Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S4V-F4R-#=E7SDU-S%?-&$Q-5]A-F9B7S9F9F4R9F)C-3$X
2]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4R3T)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P

]



I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1N=6UP/B0@










]





]
T1N=6UP/C$R-2PP
M









M97





]



T1T





]





RPS
S






]
T1N=6UP/C
S











]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M:&%R97



]

#`P(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





]


M1&YU;7`^


]
T1P



M:6]N(%1O($%N($EN=F5S=&]R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





T1T;W`^4VAA

]


]





M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
F9B8S4Q.#$O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]

#`L

@27-S=64@3V9F


M9VX]







]

M;G0@96YT:71L97



]








@27-S=64@3V9F

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
XS/'-P86X^/]S



]
T1T97AT/B=%86-H(%5N:70@


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





T1T;W`^27-S

!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


]






2PX-S`L
M



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@







]


]

]
M


]

]





M:&%R97

]


T1T













]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C
U
M-RPS



#QS

]



35?839F
M8E\V9F9E



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




]





2PP.#
\

M(#(T.2PV




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3$L
#@S/'-P86X^







]


M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R/CPO



]
T1R







M






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E

35?839F8E\V9F9E
F9B8S4Q.#$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

3



]








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C9E

M
35?839F8E\V9F9E



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

34N(%-U8G-E


M/3-$


#$T/&)R



@27-S=65D


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`L


35?839F
M8E\V9F9E


M1)3:&5E=#`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_RelatedPartyTransactionsDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansAndLeasesReceivableRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_RelatedPartyLoanPrincipalRepayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_RelatedPartyLoanInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AccountsReceivableDetailScheduleOfAccountsReceivableAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToEmployeesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_VolumeRebateReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromAffiliateCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_FairValueMeasurementsTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_IncomeTaxesDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxesBusinessCombinationValuationAllowanceAllocatedToContributedCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_OperatingLossCarryover'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_InventoryDetailScheduleOfInventoryAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryInTransit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PropertyAndEquipmentAndIntangibleAssetsDetailScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_MobileDisplayUnitAndVehicles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_StockbasedCompensationDetailScheduleOfWeightedAverageAssumptionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTermSimplifiedMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingDebtSettled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_WarrantsIssuedUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SubsequentEventsDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedPursuantToServiceAgreementShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedPursuantToServiceAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedAt0.302011Subscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedAt0.302011SubscriptionsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.30PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.30PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.40PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.40PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForConversionOfNoteAt0.40PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForConversionOfNoteAt0.40PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAtAverageFairValueOf0.44PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAtAverageFairValueOf0.44PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedPursuantToEquityIncentivesAwardedToManagementAtFairValueOf0.52PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedPursuantToEquityIncentivesAwardedToManagementAtFairValueOf0.52PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.40PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.40PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForDebtSettlementAt0.40PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharessharesIssuedForDebtSettlementAt0.40PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.80PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.80PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAtAverageFairValueOf0.82PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAtAverageFairValueOf0.82PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForAdvisoryBoardAgreementAtAverageFairValueOf1.08PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForAdvisoryBoardAgreementAtAverageFairValueOf1.08PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAtAverageFairValueOf1.42PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAtAverageFairValueOf1.42PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashPursuantToExerciseOfStockOptionsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'


MW)PH?__PO__ST_


SL/YC)S#H`Z
(@&UDWGK)^4GW'VY_YC
F$4N
M(R





&#\719ZOU_YTZGO

/



CWAH

M

H]G$`T*I'

P/YA]]






1E6
J$3+\9




-()25HT$H:BTJHP$B
[Z]^R#O_+[[E




/%JWE;[6\,H;,=+90W5XB73C._407.PKTT(3XW



M;Y\\XN1N5





M

O;ZI&;WM;E'M49:Z&;4@H;99
MPBUV9
FW8(JO,T2-^Q)S=Q2;3C&
/^#N]ZMD



ML!X.MZZT]BA+W0.-7YZ`6T1W

[1\C
M/!S+6_C0Z[/??O-4M@%KI-8R]*T;P3W*TFQ=UF8!MWANP=`*B[@V2[R;]F1=

Y`J.L[VF;H

M.V5J!1/J72C]6:BH\'_:X

7_1


M2@@\!_PC7DA@RH^A1

`K_3D14
N+AO(*E.0L!




M_A
Y$VGVD1\)A-A6$




EPT$@$6!ES2=^R

M

UH02;NS%*\?
AF-![]
M(#+R`1O1XF^(1*BHBS9.!B2[I0XL^VUS`V#8S'^,XI^(=)K\J=A0U$\P

M]A4,D-9.3I53VPGER3C[*GA6&2W*6!':$07K=$GC0M'MT'XJ?&!4NE''`5
M+)K%)@'V25A+XE-?UD06(Y


FAXL=&V+NNBYHBA/0BZ/'1!Z`@JK







V


E-LSY7G/DSO*F$L\GS.(C0+!;4\`
M?0`.27BE)#J0A:WMV

G/Q
M/='$C4]E?.

5JZ/GI^$(M45\!\AAZ,R9B$=]W9
M+A`L#!S(SBC=BLWMQ/*5,GLC4'.AB#*:R6@$O
02*EXK\1_@QJ!A[3EY@7G




E$3%^UPOQX(D-
MG$'$T7+](&GJ0Q)4)K#N*XONB?+.,B$='^):2V.(=T^3/5(AM^5Y$=\W
M6@C!6`-#=TAQ/V\L[[Y0QCU+!%Q)+9T21Z#5`\761LXI
SM5=







5+G/D*:R]0`


G:4DW#&;H`.3N9%`



SD'


D'X.I2-R#
MK-)GSA
+)



6DIYI6I5
0BJN7DUE2L)&WV5\K1E(\SI\6@W`XU
O
`$PE1
M&5I







L39.^3PJ

N85_9[Y8'&6UPM

6]V?O7?0?JF<%0O)&=IQVF^<4E.+7=!882&/8K1
MT-WA!JW(5.?)B&F


O-*DL[94XGK=W3:0_)=;G61
MBY(






MAA6Q^EJZ3MKW$_*$!N%
J.%7NQ-J$$6LAN9E$_-_A+I))C[Y


M+Z2`QPY9L)$-1

'

#V.



B!\C0JY[$.4
MZFZX]1&&*D_.`JO)8\[VC5]^<2.\=',2HC@A.=Z(?$%<7+CRR!-8\F00E\:

6;S4ET4$:4NAQ8V<=&L3CK,)$V=!N5\J&%4^RI





O?U:ODFZ+@+U*_RG`
MEOXNS9E:@P6)EU*J\Y;F$#G,X=[P!V6%I[KRT!-8I9-O3LHF]F_0L7/`OLC
M)*]?Z+'W?[L*T&658UMY=D7\^G9K_]/5*QJXJYDB(P_B29X_#VXHE;]&K
?
,#_(=]Z#+V92*XHW<]P[!QS&#]$Y
M,DN=0RS=(<G_KNR^R/+BTTQLWI=NC9722+TP\-*$A9XA%AZE/3+P2]6[L#6

V
1!BC&J!8V?-S'!H^(K_CBA[

MF4QT./WJB^PFP4?G!=R57Z)Y^FQ4\5H_.`BG@=KR+WWX3=2?R
RDX._E2Z

MHWR!)4!25OQIZF^DSX2^?[##&/W&9PHD_5FN_OB[@-ZQ32S]B4HZ+1+-JD&E












Y5O56PK1*^L/W(PE&^$GTA^_T`O*^M22%=6X7`0U
M^L#73+



W7)^O^$%2D([A.=K)NJV;$VG



RE
+H*'8LFE=N,<LSZV8V0\M-T+


M7S;0A=YGTR^DSP0Z&T@W#R$A:3$3:_V2EB5H!I8N*6FST0WO1.?$
$T!:EL?

M=H#NOO0K+S5%@0@WH)%LP8K+X`
45A@QG(N&F!%4+)1#OC)ZPJA[*OE8PS
M1=@0$
(;U&@FKW].*G17#NOM@1-6GB350GI80E
Q+\`N$=B\!XN6DR:D:0N6
MEZIM`+S7&=E@H
83%)22(`C5T65I0#EMX3[Z]``7^IRHII(B#KT/5AB*!0
MK


MYQ05.6^&.(=(2/EY)`1

M;B/*1R#8J6Q60Y$5L_;+

#Z



M:.C-;--SY4Q




Y)

7H5!=+X$[A1_SJ:=



7_R)164JJ4ZJ-
M&OKE0JQY.T:9:F,MG[V=:ZS-EILV7[[IH4VWKS3.P:5*5JD$V:MYD]!_*



M

N2
MH!


MK&Z8


SQ6\B+]JC%7D4ACVB)UN3)Z8E

G0=^?8^H8?8C7:#*MMO6B47[KJ@3
QB
`V#8CL5Y;R=7/\^
M#]ERQ,)(`DF*I4R=I


M/PK['S'([_#5
=;;45_^OTN:4K2N$9+E]I2R9OP6Z,9&G]/IA!C3=^X%


M+++6E+F







N^
M4I*N76R-DXVOY.*:
+LT9EJ0I-8X9QCZ^YT+XFD0\-R)YC8R&@[&9-6N:Y:3
M$T%].3-0*'5_N*O-*K6=9:
L(2BU)ES4VE^!_5DS)DWR8@,HAR7W@*[XQ$



]0;XF-12G.B)3'*P!A`:
M#
P![



S'8ANF+
MCE

^4GQ

'8B5/5_X*B1(B8HNA*_ID#=`9A6M=P6




MB#8KMDUE-Y

M5FE


M/=
0K1P0XA\2Z+[1PWHM98A_A:%N$3[ZDX.E(L0-T$IE3G.P-POB)B1%?$7'

M=8Q*0BL2UV9

7#)SR/JIV!!QUP%4-D5L
'J:MB8.%:E
M!D3)A)N2,6&%Z,ZUUDF_JW1035DDNQVJYG!1K1XG)P3MV[-?!RQW(*I-$W4

.U!'*U^





/XP.

M7G1T



I
MDVP:.
YE4BTK&\REV;H\4=6?(5R[\6&ZUX./$W9S
[UF`;04)VQP41Q4)S:P



QNIE0Z+(K[#YB+1C3WG.]L-!C%$
._;
MHPH0%N%3E-B$)5P+!PHG4CJ'8G%
E8/C?5/H&#6O
7&6H'6D








Z
2





M*E-/(=AB!\#?9[3#H1


G%*RPI@^
M

7ZEFX)




[X




M(H]=:+++.&N8*(,=&0E\+./K:HI&M$&JM;H^I\@]JGY_.5;N]OB/0NF!-Z

M;S5!II3FA






#XB


87L.W.@

SLIY!
M%.V_0!^@+8';`:+U$2.5GQZC.




T



\E@`72'/&(^0UW3W9V[)DPU)A$L$J\*5H
^P?)Y-53;?Q59_VBJF?5OLDK#E2[#-
M

0S8N.9;PS%U=7YWOTJ^\T?@S


OUTNBF)D\;YPB.-ZF

AEX4-AR/
M+-V95S\U^[ROC$KOC'W)::^J9K;(ZQTOS:[ZLSE9AV3&6YL^BVOR:C*1;:.S

M1N&BJUYT[4LK$B^;)P

@1G+
M9\]]D`^FV6TC)L-!PYS*ME*-QD5QWYT[)W0SGPA=01EMSY\=#W*MG@T:%\6.
M7R@+-F\1-K@S

$=F:;)E5Q?DGPD6NBK;

!2!]^D'#F1D3Z$L(TC8O!ZRM9
M.51$^`_2.[I.

)!^\TLR*:

M






MM:S8;6J&#R?#N2ON@6/:H6H?.*:-E/_N\II:M3'%TIK?`O^11#&9?Z7_#=T9
M_0G7N5LZ(8EN9K'[Z

MC.!A?I/TWHF'`




N/4]=VDFT=WVO-ZT_UE_M.GO5G=JZP\
MACID
!3;M)2F




-KW!J1;T.Y]=AR[DQBZ)?B5.1._)



^:T$?QA@E\SC:-3Y]'1/5.:


M:M/6?@-#XL+/X.R%P.B9&L$?P3\;SQ36*]%OD/D7YPE2SFZ@:ZG8S!2VQBPU
MNOUFQ7YW





MW9B




A.'

30YPF=/W(G:$O]7#=V;^@ZA2Y9BIMJQ6XUJD%U1JS09.X
MF;X[
_ZIK_K.#+$F&NG

M'Z1Z'2B`2L.NQC7TGV\

L+?]MZ7C\Z-+)P`5P
.K



509S\E\0QGKWB/@G/(C(HZR:GYK2Z9F

M/+7VZ@S`.C2=Y//]6@'XNT^)&SSX[K_Q



MX6.?2U^F[]UHY@70D:NUF3&9*+HX
K-J@X


@3TBU;I2SO5VHO[^R+N`%.:UO/6\=K%
M!$K,MO(AHJ7;;(%!8]8?0S)OS;$GSW51O]7^KFE]R3L55RJ:J\60:DR[Z1I



S6TJPK`3Q4LK9[=


M94'@IMK`A)_!O5*]7%X!SF;4UI@G]^!C$#ZXCZ03\\$R)LG-J]AE*Z


7KIJY$;8_'DA!3X8AFCW
M1FCW.M3NA5]^S]N]53#V@4B)97).X+\G]_'M]TQIGQ/L7
HO.S4*17TQR


?@.\T#ZO`



L@A$JQW_TY9,V?3-(;'DD7[SZQ6?[GP3FMH]@__9YF$Q
M[K[8?I`M5:_$N`(VZ&N20K9CDP.A4:976HTY=_G'TV'@U.D0N?
F*HRT7?
MLM69L3TX10)5YTIV!
]7`K4XI'5+G/W4278HYIT6^ERRX5*WW:P0L/TMT[D
MSKJ[A--)H2N$1R=([&[]TV5A\FP+:T[)#XX(90@IA5B[UUO$[=L
E1E5URQ
4UVW!!AW[W@X?(VI:-BJH;4&
M,GKN_'G^$7VX4[*F4U3[!56OE%[<)K229V([7+J00.F:M9_F7XF)`ZT'F3_



M&IK8L:5\I_;P-);MFDJUX+0Q0([GAX!'OR36L#=M!71)[J::_]?V*0-$$WI
M0=EZ8C:`X2N)B!/.EO3O[Z'%4;`&2=[A15,5=6KGVMSLV/!@Z&J0:U^WIG\0
M'[I_XSU;N;Y+M9L#[I4N::)JFJD)\G#/GAV`V)B/%$V;&JTA_!CB$Q/E??B
MVK)

MC.7;'0984SUBF=:T'5Q4].&'P^#1G9/YVZ??(^C]M'U'7\&/@8881=;CMY


D3&BZ`W[@G6ZGUWHW)5(@
U]JXYH5A






6
Q8[!BMW`JEW

`D/ZLU\JQ





M7NS
\:XHO1[\U])]$
?!ZHT$!Y3\#LKV2?A&JMB9K@V$+SF$;^Z*2IO?R'?I









M?:2.+





MY'





;18OE


MFCE!M.%7J`8]4/T&AY%1R:8A:Q!@\5+_#EJ('-


N@&UB4

=IWC:GA'/38=--'J2E73YLYQQRU`6F+?:[:7F)(
MKX+L.H&[#1+ONH3/'`5^BG'HX9=:D(%N8G<?OF:,#M)_$S1$.57Q5RC#4,H









[&:J@=Z:[P1$&..Q6





W#
M16Z3&7MDG7MD6PPO=7A8#)4`\]57E=(4A]D/E_5-5+K0I(+W+DF?X0W%KI\]

SR_L

9C2%*<4P9Z:@
M_NTP5A\IQVTO?BAO+Q;H4/F!N7:@*HZ9XZ!^9.^5]
W(.PMQ_!A






I8;LP
M9;F&PWA4QOAIA%(B5
K#;3F)]-`\#N/[

$*O

M-!^'5\ARDT.60!@5RLC:1:@^J:^(=2KDN@DD.T:/$@:(Y]!V?51QD!^'6
AW

I)44[;AUI.6=--A4QG7MA=_EOK3_IKSWTCY-)R'SR@^]2YFTCK[J




5</+1(^L8I*I3!
MLM;PKCS1C-.04*#J&^YHB+TPKO])8_9D8^<:$)M*O:1;8AB?!AD49@CH?HL


S/<&)PG'`#9X;@
M_BKT/<<#?-]*25$(/V\DO@8.\)[L)1+(ADKG4`CK+'B'3V
N%T/(U0(XCRT



P5\;

+G



7G2]AHGT3ODQ+001)/5
#BU&<;BWRALIFV4KQ@F0$24<YS8@H0#_N;6,#-US;GB1HG+L%Q&E+@S58
M+T$D;?*JA^K[?MR%,&_;B
%G(0BMX6NV38&5O_*1QIRS8JYCAQU[@H:GY



M77@IZ^KHD!4&:+`N7CR1OD9F4^I#XB:8Y[.J*RC^8NE


T$&5@XI-[WOGPO=Z
%62YL1IMTXL






MC*2Y/S*2WGNEI`;--P?Z?/
]C%X+L-V!:+T.P&?$/GZXPLZ?)H/#EOV@?#H
M8'#WW!\(^.H%:_
&HZ
6;]'QDQL9!RW[(

'

)/

ML$

^!RN^A61+ZXT\11:@NTA(#B
71


V2E&H%Q`Y7ERK
M

B7'


D![^

MI/4F4ZMBC**Q%26.ZTI

MXD4:%16F=14.X4!-^1+(9V6
6E&2KMBH0)S5(1X-K8S)RKDT]Q#BM1L5B/
Z
(K6#<1EY6Q:`;*O^2A#G6`K

XK6%M-EE(A4]L%52<KO4
MEJIB5X]45,,76,:ZU5[GHMU04L&.K[FUI:`MO)7EE20XVLN?65H2XGW75I2

A&U&V%

4I*;^5-

K(49UO^U%.BD^+24C$P




4MT#76Z!G#+[GB^1W\[;HJ]0(%GZA,R/]7UK;)$K6%

+
/2EQ1L;UX-T_+RFFY3!L

M$*[/A=
F+IQV%%C7[
*ISOB[&A=FA\

B6E@

\60.=QY
*^.$G:1RBAF7`E9Y](IB5'2_[N4SKX9&C:J3



N'=
M@;'FI8E&?5`[^R!7A0.W4U:Z/XV7`1G:3IG&,G,)FP9K;^6W7AV$=#YJ5#
M]=7X8GC:L(
D+Q?!V]/0&5I/3I:Q/Q
TS=A'^D[PEZL50*'HWZ!Q!
(B%7*X





M
3
Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``^C
.5/HS#E3=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``W7UK


NZKTE/BH6+P5__*W;XL4/6%2)'GVUQ='K]Z\

M\2(Z3#)F;X9?-%K






MC\C

MK\@


(@@@S1L[EIFUU'D

M5'ZW_7?U/'40Z/_NC0(R6&VK=W^$T=`21








(BAQ*7)1*NDC%QV$M(NL)'F\FK'_O
\GV47V
MA`MJR[JS
1D(U?G8.:;JC/3:





MOI3GEI=!'#1\5P12NTMP*9J=2M(/_KV?1O]T]/'CCZ8V[PEY;G()P$&+=R0@


M/77JGZRR^$\ALW@)Q&&/_@EH%B_B4O7GG[QD\:?Y;


)F0K=Q6\#R-

D;'YH9!`3M'6)RM&
:DF$7IOW!$U


K:9K,SM,\&D[&*V3\DD$KT^%C@`@(HBH%#2H





L9O_#[KAZBE)6KF!2GD2$/-




`QT12S4-*?RG2%;




MMTX0\[J-3@&RMV-N(`.&7`I@DGL

M]V\.?GQS=/#^S=N:;_RO^?JX%


M342N3_&//



$
MALZ;H)=LGVO/HW3%8?#[/



MY?6\QJQ


M`!718IG6NW+BI%BFT3

M
IU*JSI(V]&#
H=RBPM


MP#TV227A
M=):!'

45__+OR%U

&E/GY
\X0P7!=M#$%-;
/A(ORI
WQ3;0MJ)






S'`L?I&=)UF4S9(H



MS\.^#F`.2H&*5Y-5XNAETB7BLM(%=F^VZ.-%1O

M%``S3T2I#WO)6AXJT7@J


M^B#0OS'U`VJ
][K_966RJKQ2&046BFGBS9:S;DC^E






M=75P45T=G.&R^F
!/(F5=`AN:9/4`(`D5N.811(KT=Z+)%:-6YG$-B;0]!G!

B*E+DJX01=V4[/P

K$?[%X[(]]F`[P(TX%FFK2G@!ES1?&?LJ)*YX;S/(J_G6[*X




M*!2D]NB]ZGAL7P(

Z2PU!5%?^-B0`J(MK`NDPSSX8K)R8Y@$'8(0*4
::7@




M5`

LBH&GT]H1I#L%



ME1F8/+4



OZ4:C

M[=-05#V._;AH'\B_2?%3_/#6:R^TG7=DUT%M]UE[_#5:=&O;?-#W^F4Z=(:[
T`FY
Z?E*C:*WXGETJ

M?8(=0I4PG1:

^B?K&=1G$S!



U]'ZGHJ8`6P/*[SZE@&6LUV3ARA+_L/#
MX0E-*?
TB:LJREE\0V&R



IG-\E7&[@2YH=2?65Q4JU'P




M(9]TE`/LLJPO`88\4ECOJZJ\B.TL?N&61#._M`YZ#O?5.TBUOZW9X*99!;
MH!V`#SE:;5A$W`P

YA&-0MKOF$4+N3\JD8J6QZ?.+(HI:&

M?T*P_F=$2
3.8)';Y.'1/(FS@3VO_?&F;O?ZY['&P'!]4P^&GT`C#X3C[

MXEE1)@LZQ%55O1@*^:2.'&7+WT),21PAHRXTM5-K(5@T$*?AE6%K/_89/-


`SO/


MT`*MP

_G.&.UFR'2_=

4P91)&










MB^E15*X*1G-J]/!7;G7`^.M56=!D/$ZRAYTME]3[.K'%?*-&V..2B0%P9]%$


M48QR6?X].)D^F


MN[_C-#[/R5U$?5\PR(JP8J'GLW.P=J

$&=N0`I4P#4%
&ERR19E]3MMF
M
I_SA02L[\R4TIZCC0[R(


0!4
?/3X]

S/4;::4]ZNV(:2`_0U(O@Q
M7Q7X`


#U@U;XSL*)7XG$^3E-TLSAC]A3Z*@OT5/R:S5+BU






M.G80
EUJI+&;$F\&<OD[$^=SWGR\$#P0U2R&4B29$4RX\.@'<61








=CG.%YPFK(%JN4YDD/
M%]D5+NM


M7MXPR+'0\UI@UM:-7N58DQ*8=



MG%U`9P6/21(_8



M


MKHP-/4$8WZ$!G9P2B


M#CJ[
C`HH`:F&'#6[1^CEU\\YS0U`


7M=SS'.
MWIU!M#

G\&&*WIT^CMB#J*X[6%2_KN;L




M!5)K77\3=X[NK*?P+!5A4

MH0\$8S:DT2Q







MU*+V6

M\I2H=MS8:P-JR1&@I8LKU`9JC*#I
WK)[*`D^P&M)]K7MFU[T7VA(O1[2O1
MAM^^.M.[=N:`MN^YTD69;.Q[2O1AM^^.M.[=N:M^^NLHA?


393M)4Q5%D[J


V^GD6[
+
MN+C)TV3VK&U+M32@QK
`*4ZRM2H'J%)O]7_&[Z-6.^?E3EYMF@AE2R@]C%





M+//0X5^_`

M]\
[C\23)`CCV4_O?KG=.;P]/C]_YV6Y'P=^E
3DIW=Q\NZ?__/?__6/*(S_
M^)'][][/B$?[B;


M3Y-T7G)




M42I/3F6)O6


MR6[(A(2/_CWK4
ZJF&)$ML[C1SK0DU0Y]'H-1V3B(O'CM90[-R2B!AC0J4MM
M$0#2$1F]3A
ZQ/
7MB!1\UO4B]-Y3!?E64@9.


MVV[4E9.*MG-$=X

H



-QMPHNE*H-N/S34'
MSC6`U**?2WN4`.EE+]2DE':<GA=T%^T2
AS3N*`K#:#C.LQKO?IKUE''ZK_




MJH`

MZ(S^3K(2)I#P7'RZT4'Q\3MBT'(])H#



BI%I


8/P=!&2R6V



?'_B*D

L8(_?J`H/U=_


$SW-<V5T0_T_ITF6T85T*KLV;#5RQQH
MI'J.?&XHOIZQX]GI
.B9*KKMT0_S^OB(A+6$2B8U%8N9@#B*`]^B-K;5BD


VNS
?I;8
/C:E]@-XRJ?I_/F&N
-V!$`D=^NM=
M39Q`:G`#LI^3)'@*HZA?A?=\OO##M%EIEW.D`E&#G:16TQNH`4D,9#.=2K]5
M4VE,9NQR'\R/2'W^7E

M6#8=M(0JEUU(-V2678+QVT
1LW=F
$%
+KT;%7C)HF3]KJN/#BHZ*(.7(U
Q(*0CP_35V3.6Z,6'3TQ+$
M:]=IYDTU:A0)#)A\3T+@EKE=*O.QNY*P


?V)\;J;RI+3_=Z_U@]$:.SU3JG$#T#

MRBM!-25Z1.ZF0.:KS%6`EW7H0ED(HH(

M@C3UH+W

MT#W


/Y?5=.*AL

@J[#6SP*




PY6J]8Y




MU$$2-U:_J3.)5S3@$$KLQI9Y?6O&MHSG\;&_.GF4P6.@@P[QXH)4!-N`':



MA&!1QIDVS6&HFIB#L:3'KADX&B1MA6P`F+





R6!8*N


X414!-^H)BZDC
O)&F

^X\X9J/&;%+?218%
K
?_0-R*/4^
]2=/!%/X);&$


[ELRWB_=HUW



M-*&INERQQV7AO5;-O3CHEEKCV^9^US8_[WK+#CT_#KQ5E^7?UIUZ=:^HM7H$
:UTU[A#;*-6H=C,&#E.=
M*P;)*VO6LL:/76O\NNM51%Y%A9WL56U]3B77[EY.LDV:EHEI=(%L5,DVYH:
M&3D0`FEG6S
N

M9P6'N
2%!$A%<_@<W
2^U?I3?A



M_=WV/8/7Z@3STH$O%^0&0D6)FH2?SYS624ZK$_2K!QB.O83]VGIRQ2(;!=7X
M1MB+'MD[8+?HC






2J
MT05V)49M(+75XQBJC203YS&5M)BO#V
`1.7DV`4=S=&$J


_U'BPKHQZ0J_]

B$#
M72'J#7@\:SO\X+H%.TJS085OQU=K@673''U1V$S`I[KVR;9FLV%Z'+87)
M5L[86DK[HZ+E`W(.VVS4O6`:D


S:+_G
65B\+XF!YD3
H&8SIAU!-?M@@=Z#H/`C:/-
M6H;&!1%735KK@49G:%$O8X^3`:IT90T1O%:5K1G])^:2-ZM6%HCR8_=\GA7K


MXB:)HK



M:LM/SQ.-%#CZHTS0]3%UGP`&*G-E;F6^V!;-NOV$Y(GVU;F8`E'NF8AE




0F
MS'G6#:1'W8-9@%E/;VY@W1B5ER2OKW#%T`J:HWHP+`IU8H;P)T4YXYG2^B



M.BLZ.P^I2JJ(?NXBM_@$:$`GHP(7L'RRD
M(Z


M@\Z

MB\A_^86R0+__*WD()Q$W\0ZCD9.@KLH;P$NM`9=LD1Z(BWE1%I$X(12*215*




3'
M+UESZ!P^AZ);##U-FA?2Z&@V##<)PD<S^,S0%9TCLPC6D./DV@EH*N^.-

]VBYFQW*5%PIPVJ


M7WV97M-
\6N9^XQ%HBP=K@G[56.T'LYF*9E1+9Y3781Q%DY*7ZV]N6
`2]A5




M;L2PWC'+AD

_D8AM_G6


1:+#)HA/BK$RQW'23

MK5_/

15;8\;^B;4W4'DFI<U'_K`+KRRV[VG
YH;$VX
95YYSV'PP
M








M$[?%?39)PS+STN$L)56HIS0QO9P$V:LF&ALM[0)DMK1+K%C;V_]$-Q92)?
:
M(GO`(*H5RV=)H2?D/K]Z4E4+[[5]EY!5F0S(THB%N2/M(#+&#&6X@(@)D
M%Y4*17[EOU/ZVSR]$Q5
R&?G14TR+XIR
`'26WK%!\\AEF2OAPE?AJLT)8J
L+;2HV0R3H'Q[



MO





MAJ6($'5[

*0



MJ(Q402_)HS!D0-08=84TP%DFBUOS


W%FEU06N3U$3(E'L
E13]B]-
M)*P
@@O;RV@=**.9K_X7]C_FG:&_^3]02P
$%`````@`\H%_1``7W1T*#P``
MQK
``!$`'`!P;'-B+3(P
3
Q
C

S.[3*6
+
MHAIC



MU



B6._K*`WNVO5BD0?Z0
MR1C
$%/5@)`\'C4%UMNG+]KGJ`
RRDE6(*
=?UM2!PGY[376PV.(:7L
\9S[



C5+X?$U4'$SA**?=(UI`[RV_SBKA?Y<#0U/WTU




B$B6RZ%4=DLQ
M&6=L%$48LPF4K0-(EW%94P=ZAY$39KJ

M_K;7JS3WCQ


MOXN%P




[+LTW7$:P3OHIDZFYC`D$H\+F_O4$0KQ$=%I5



_X

P
M^:V+(;-P&_@D`%_T1%ZX_+$SAXGTP+8EVV-=YS-HH?PAG6H^TU7ZV9OHV
MN2`;0CRS_0`I]5/V#9:A&A3+G8:8Z/RB570+3-YMDLZ
=TZGGP@\VJ8-]HZ
M*L`M

K=0GY*II.EU]DYJG&1E8A_%9583

%9&M4T(\

MN&^LBVN40EAS3]:IMUQ15E=05E37*IC6B3^8AYBB_[*!P;8%11FX='F&I09H

%QR33WM2B*HLT&[:=L$06K


C*8O7F7[B65XAA=B^Z<5-P9KFIJH9-/3



3
Q
C
Q
M7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4``^C


C`Q
S$R
M


M`/*!?T0`%]T=@\``,:S```1`!@```````$```D@=#K``!P;'-B+3(P
3
Q
M
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#Z

 'defref_PLSB_IncomeTaxesDetailScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionAllowances'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_ConcentrationOfBusinessAndCreditRiskPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxExpenseFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsResultingInNetOperatingLossCarryforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardDeferredTaxAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_InventoryTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOwnedAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FreightCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalariesAndWages'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentIncreaseDecreaseOtherNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndIntangibleAssetsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse; font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AccountsReceivableTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times



<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_StockbasedCompensationTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockOptionsRollForwardTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingWarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingDebtSettled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingDebtSettled'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssueOfferingUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinancialInstrumentsUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_NonCashOperatingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForLoanAndLeaseLossRecoveryOfBadDebts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDecreaseForgiveness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPrincipalRepaymentsOnLoansAndLeasesHeldForInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansAndLeasesReceivableRelatedPartiesAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAdditions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalCashFlowElementsFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSubordinatedShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_IncomeTaxesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanReceivableRelatedPartyDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AmortizedTermRelatedPartyLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanRemainingBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanPaymentFrequency'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanReceivableRelatedPartyRemainingBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

