

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-13-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130329
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pulse Beverage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53586
		FILM NUMBER:		13728030
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-382-5476
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Darlington Mines Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207






 2012





    

Washington
  D.C. 20549


For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012

For the transition period from __________ to
__________




























11678 N Huron St
 Northglenn
 CO
&nbsp;(Address of
principal executive offices
(Telephone
number
 including area code)

  Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act:


Section&nbsp;12(g) of the Act:
Common Stock
 par value $.00001
per share

by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp; 

registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a
non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
&#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and&nbsp;&#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.











by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act).
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

second fiscal quarter
 June 30
 2012
 the aggregate market value of such common
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $16
839
000 using the closing
price on that day of $0.58.

 2013
 there were 51
280
268
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued and outstanding.



CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

desire to take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Annual Report on Form 10-K (&#8220;Report&#8221;)
contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management&#8217;s
current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements
made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including
statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or
developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the
future
 including statements related to potential strategic transactions
distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
 new products
adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to continue
as a going concern
 statements regarding future operating results and
non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the
words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221;
&#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; variations of such words
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the
exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean
that the statement is not forward-looking.

should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are
based on management&#8217;s current expectations and projections about future events
are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties
and assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our actual
results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical
results as well the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these
forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no
obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether
as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.

our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations may
be impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the
following:




establish new and maintain existing distribution arrangements with independent
distributors
 retailers
 brokers and regional and national retail accounts
most of whom sell and distribute competing products
 and whom we rely upon to
employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including
re-stocking the retail shelves with our products
 on which our business plan


successfully implement our PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverage sales and






proceeds from &nbsp;recently completed financings to efficiently finance the rapid
growth of our business including building inventory levels and financing


adverse effects on our existing shareholders and our stock price arising from




third-party contract manufacturers of our products
 which could make management


continuous supply and availability of raw materials
 as well as other factors


fuel and freight costs as well as freight capacity issues may have an adverse




brand image and product quality and the risk that we may suffer other product


and retain key personnel
 which would directly affect our efficiency and


our trademarks and trade secrets
 which may prevent us from successfully


proceedings
 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage to our




and maintain brand name recognition and acceptance of our products
 which are
critical to our success in our competitive


successfully against much larger established companies currently operating in





discussion of some of the factors that may affect our business
 results and
prospects
 see &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors&#8221; Readers are also urged to carefully
review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in
our other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
including our periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
and those described from time to time in our press releases and other
communications
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and
factors that may affect our business
 prospects and results of operations.




annual report: (i) the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;Pulse&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean The
Pulse Beverage Corporation; (ii) &#8220;SEC&#8221; refers to the Securities and Exchange

Act of 1933

Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to
United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED
DECEMBER 31
 2012



PART
  I
  
  




  




  




  




  




  




  



  


Item  5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

  




  




  




  




  




  




  




  



  


Item  10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

  




  




  


Item  13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence

  




  



  




  


EXHIBIT
  INDEX
  
  



  








 Colorado and formed in 2010 by senior
beverage industry veterans for the purpose of exploiting niche markets in the
beverage industry. We developed two beverage products: Cabana&#8482; 100% Natural
Lemonade and PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages and now produce
 market
 sell
and distribute these brands through a diverse regional and international
distribution system. 


to be one of the market leaders in the development and marketing of
nutritional/functional beverage products that provide real health benefits to a
significant segment of the population and are convenient and appealing to
consumers. We have an experienced management team of beverage industry
executives that have successfully launched and/or managed the distribution for
more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty years. They have strong
relationships with distributors and buyers who supply thousands of retail
outlets
 supermarkets and convenience stores.


commercial product is Cabana&#8482; 100% Natural Lemonade. Our second
 flagship
product is PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages (&#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221;) in three health
platforms: PULSE&#174; Heart Health Formula&#8482;
 PULSE&#174; Women&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482;
 PULSE&#174;
Men&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482;. We presently manufacture
 through co-packers
 distribute
and market both products. 

developed and then
 on September 23
 2011
 produced and distributed our Cabana&#8482;
100% Natural Lemonade. We launched our lemonade product ahead of PULSE&#174; in
order to establish a comprehensive nationwide and international distribution system.
Lemonades are widely considered to be an easily understood product as compared
to a highly nutritional product such as PULSE&#174; which requires more education at
the distribution and retail level.

ensure that the flavor profiles and nutritional platforms of our products meet
the needs of consumers&#8217; taste
 health and life-style
 we contract the services
of Catalyst Development Inc. (&#8220;Catalyst&#8221;)
 a highly respected beverage product
development firm located in Burnaby
 BC
 Canada. Catalyst developed the
formulations for PULSE&#174; under license
 for Baxter Healthcare Corporation. Catalyst&#8217;s
owner
 Ron Kendrick
 is our Chief of Product Development and Operations and
oversees our beverage development
 inventory supply chain
 and quality
assurance through his team of three. Our product development team has ensured
PULSE&#174; is a lower calorie
 great tasting functional beverage that provides the
benefits we claim on PULSE&#174; labels. We use a hot-fill process of production to
allow the PULSE&#174; product to have all natural ingredients without the use of
preservatives.
PULSE&#174;
brand of functional beverages (&#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221;)
is formulated and aimed at
specific health platforms
 providing all natural functional ingredients without
preservatives in a low calorie format. PULSE&#174; offers
consumers the nutrients they need in a 16oz glass bottle containing a great
tasting functional beverage. Our packaging is vibrant and convenient  and is water-based which gives rise  to
 The nutrients contained
in PULSE&#174; are backed by research and are scientifically demonstrated to promote
health in each targeted health platform. The nutritional ingredients were
specifically selected to provide the nutrition necessary to achieve targeted
health benefits using patented liposome nano-dispersion
technology that introduces the ingredients into PULSE&#174; in a format that allows
the body to absorb the nutrients. We own all the formulations
 rights and trademarks
relating to the PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages and specifically we own
the right to use the following Side Panel Statement for PULSE&#174; Heart Health
Formula&#8482;
 PULSE&#174; Women&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482;
 PULSE&#174; Men&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482;:
&#8220;Formulation developed under license from Baxter Healthcare Corporation&#8221;. This
right is in perpetuity without royalties. All PULSE&#174;
labels contain structure/function claims that are followed by an * disclosing
the following disclaimer: This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and
Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose
 treat
 cure
 or
prevent any disease.

is not an emerging growth beverage brand as it is a few years ahead in
development due to significant development and test marketing costs spent by a
major healthcare company several years prior. 

is comprised of five flavours in three functional health platforms:
PULSE&#174;
 contains safe
and effective levels of a number of important heart and cardiovascular health
friendly nutrients in a great tasting &#8220;Pear Peach&#8221; flavored beverage. It
contains vitamin C and selenium
 both of which are considered important
Heart Health Formula&#8482; is
an excellent source of soluble fiber which supports cardiovascular health and
assists in buffering sugar response;
PULSE&#174;
 is a unique
combination of nutritional ingredients that include a variety of antioxidants
that may reduce free radicals in our bodies. It is offered in two great tasting
flavor profiles: stawberry/grapefruit and pomegranate/blackberry. Free radicals
are generally associated with aging
 cardiovascular problems
 cancer and many
health concerns for men. While it is designed to support health in particular
areas
 such as prostate health
 the combination of green tea catechins
Vitamins E &amp; C
 lycopene and selenium may help men maintain an ongoing
counter attack in the battle against free radical damage to our bodies; 
PULSE&#174;
 is a convenient nutritional beverage
designed specifically for women offered in two great tasting flavor profiles:
blueberry and white grape/cucumber. Women&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482; contains
meaningful levels of the key ingredients that work in concert to enhance bone
health &#8211; calcium
 magnesium and Vitamin D. Additionally
 these ingredients
coupled with folic acid and other B vitamins
 may help women prepare for
pregnancy while soy isoflavones may help buffer symptoms of menopause.



Target
is targeted  towards adults  who
want to feel young and healthful for the rest of their lives. PULSE&#174; brand
mission and concept is supported by a growing consumer link between nutrition
and wellness and the ever growing need for convenient solutions to rehydrate
and to combat obesity. This fact ensures that PULSE&#174; does not just attract the
baby boomer category but includes all consumers who want health
conscious beverages.
Beverage
Segment - 
including energy and sports drinks
 teas
 juices
 lemonades
 bottled water
 and
functional beverages. These beverage categories include a host of products that
are fortified with vitamins
 minerals and dietary supplements. PULSE&#174; is
targeted at the functional/nutritional beverage segment. Our goal is to evolve
the functional/nutritional beverage category into more of a focus on providing
true and meaningful health and wellness benefits in a convenient and good
tasting format. Wise nutritional decisions make for better health. Better
health makes for a better quality of longer life.
there is a societal shift away
from carbonated
 diet and high sugar-content beverages that contain artificial
sweeteners and preservatives. PULSE&#174; is supported by a
growing consumer link between nutrition and wellness in convenient solutions.
There is an emergence of new product categories in the area of energy and
sports drinks
 teas
 juices
 flavored waters
 lemonades and functional/nutritional
beverages. Populations are aging which influences the food and beverage
industry
 affecting everything from packaging and taste profiles to calories
and contents.



Water&#174; -
Numerous beverages/flavors
 zero calories
 mostly trace amounts of vitamins and
elements.  

-
Three beverages/seven flavors
 emphasis on detox/weight loss/energy
 various
antioxidants
 mostly trace amounts of vitamins and elements. 

Eight beverages/formulations/flavors
 lightly carbonated
 proprietary blends
and vitamins
 small amounts of vitamins and elements. 

pomegrante based beverage with claims to have heart and other health benefits &#8211;
FDA has requested they remove those claims from their labels.

PULSE&#174; is proprietary formulated and
scientifically effective in the recommended
serving sizes as part of a daily health regimen. PULSE&#174; formulas include functional
ingredients that are widely considered to be critical to adult health including
anti-oxidants
 vitamins
 minerals
 soluble fiber and soy isoflavones. PULSE&#174; uses patented liposome nano-dispersion technology
that introduces the ingredients into the beverage in a format that allows the
body to absorb the nutrients at a high rate.

Cabana&#8482;

 all-natural
&#8220;good-for-you&#8221;
 ready-to-drink lemonades in a 20oz glass bottle in six distinct
and great tasting flavors: Regular Lemonade
 Blueberry Lemonade
 Cherry
Lemonade
 Strawberry Lemonade
 Mango Lemonade and Island Spice Lemonade. Cabana&#8482;
offers reduced calories compared to our competitors
 without the use of
artificial sweeteners or coloring. There is only one other all-natural lemonade
in the marketplace that is offered in a smaller 16oz glass format. We
are positioning Cabana&#8482; as natural complements to food in an effort to broaden its
appeal. We believe that the lemonade market is well established and that there
is an immediate demand in North America and internationally. Cabana&#8482;
 being
all-natural
 lower calorie
 and &#8220;good for you&#8221;
 are in-line with our corporate
mission to reach a large demographic by aiming to be the healthiest
all-natural lemonade in the marketplace. 
targets lemonade and fruit juice beverage drinkers of all ages
in particular the beverage consumers desiring a lower calorie
 all natural
thirst quenching beverage for enjoyment and rehydration.
Non-carbonated
beverages divide into a number of categories including energy and sports
drinks
 teas
 juices
 lemonades
 bottled water
is targeted at the lemonade
beverage segment. 



Lemonade&#174; - one flavor in a 13.5oz plastic bottle using natural lemon
juice and high in calories.

&#8211; many flavors
20oz glass bottle
 artificial coloring
 high in
calories
 artificial sweeteners.

Iced Tea &#8211; a lemonade/tea known as &#8220;Arnold Palmer&#8221; in a 24oz can.

Time Lemonade&#174; - One flavor in a 12oz can
 high in
calories.

Lemonade&#174; &#8211; all natural lemonade in a 16oz glass
bottle.&nbsp; 

Nationally
 only a handful
of companies market ready-to-drink lemonades and there is only one other major
brand containing all natural ingredients:
Hubert&#8217;s Lemonade&#174; in a smaller 16oz glass bottle.
Cabana&#8482; has competitive advantages over existing lemonade brands as follows: Cabana&#8482;
is offered in a large format 20oz glass bottle
 has
55 calories per 8oz. serving compared to over 100 calories in most competitors
and is made of 100% all natural ingredients. The fact that Cabana&#8482; contains no
preservatives or artificial sweeteners means that it can be sold in health food
stores such as Whole Foods
 GNC Live Well
 Vitamin Cottage and Sunflower.
Business Value
Drivers 

the key value drivers of our business include the following: 
Profitable
 &#8211; We believe &#8220;functional&#8221;
 &#8220;image-based&#8221;
and/or &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; brands properly supported by marketing and innovation
targeted to a broad consumer base
 drive profitable growth. We are focused on
maintaining and improving profit margins and believe that tailored branding
packaging
 pricing and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable
growth. We are implementing these strategies with a view to continuing
profitable growth. 



International
&#8211; The development and profitable
introduction of Cabana&#8482; internationally together with the introduction
 in April
2013
 of PULSE&#174; remains a key value driver for our corporate growth. 
Cost
 &#8211; The principal
focus of cost management will continue to be on reducing input supply and
production costs on a per-case basis
 including raw material costs and
co-packing fees. The reduction of accounts receivable and inventory days on
hand also remains a further key area of focus. 
Efficient
 &#8211; Our capital
structure is intended to optimize our working capital to finance expansion
both domestically and internationally. We believe our strong capital position
currently provides us with a competitive advantage. 

subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained
these value drivers
 when properly implemented in the United States and
internationally
 will result in: (1)&nbsp;maintaining and increasing our
product gross profit margins; (2)&nbsp;providing additional leverage over time
through reduced expenses as a percentage of net operating revenues; and
(3)&nbsp;optimizing our cost of capital. The ultimate measure of success is and
will be reflected in our current and future results of operations. 

sales
 gross profits
 operating income
 net income and net income per share
represent key measurements of the above value drivers. These measurements will
continue to be a key management focus in 2013. See &#8220;Results of Operations&#8221; for
a complete discussion of our current and future business. 


includes:
















chain
 convenience and key account store listings for our products across












brand by developing new proprietary






development of a third branded product closely associated with the PULSE&#174;








Keys
to Success

over-riding key to our short-term and long-term success is to obtain the
necessary financing to: build our distribution network
 increase inventory
levels
 increase sales of both beverage brands and to support resulting receivables.
As of December 31
 2012
 we had $744
906 in cash and
 as a result of an
offering that we recently completed
 as of March 29
 2013 we had in excess of $3.9
million in cash
 which is sufficient to finance our short-term and long-term
growth strategy. This cash position allows us to rapidly grow both beverage
products and support rapid growth in inventory and receivables. 

key to our success is to continue development and expansion of our distribution
network both in the United States and internationally
 in particular Asia
 and
to continue to obtain chain store listings for our products. &nbsp;Management has
the contacts to rapidly build such a distribution network and to continue to
obtain chain store listings. We have distribution for Cabana&#8482; in Canada
 Mexico
Panama
 Bermuda and 43 US states.
A key to any successful beverage company is its ability to develop a critical-mass
nationwide distribution system to support chain store distribution. In that
regard
 we spent 2012 focused on the establishment of a high quality extensive
distribution system using Cabana&#8482; as our introductory product and then
 during
the latter part of 2012
 approached and secured listings with regional and
national grocery and convenience chain stores. Currently we have obtained
listings for Cabana&#8482; in over 11
000 regional and national grocery and
convenience chain stores. Our distribution network includes over 80% Class &#8220;A&#8221;
distributors such as United Natural Foods
 Inc. and distributors for Anheuser
Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
 RC/7-Up and Cadbury Schweppes.


reached and building blocks set in place during 2012:




methodically built a beverage company from the ground up and have overcome
difficulties associated with start-up beverage companies relating to financing






with co-packers in three strategic locations: Oregon
 Virginia and Texas
 which
has allowed us to produce and distribute our products nationwide cost






nationwide distribution system with 90+ distributors servicing 43 US states
Canada
 Panama
 Bermuda and Mexico. Once this &#8220;critical mass&#8221; of distributors
was established we then approached
 and secured listings for Cabana&#8482;
 with
large grocery and convenience store chains resulting in approved listings to
date totaling over 11
000 retail outlets. We are starting to deliver Cabana&#8482; to
many of these retail outlets and increasing production of Cabana&#8482; to deliver to
all of these outlets during the remainder of Q1 2013 and into Q2 2013. We
expect to add at least another 9
000 listings during the remainder of 2013 based






infrastructure has been developed without large capital outlays yet we have
gained rapid market acceptance for our Cabana&#8482; brand where taste
 calories
 and
all natural ingredients
 rather than price
 are the major rationale for a






re-design and flavor profiles of PULSE&#174; and completed our initial commercial
production in February
 2013. The result from our product and flavor testing
was that PULSE&#174; nutritional claims held up and packaging and flavors were
exceptional. Now that we have established a substantial portion of our
distribution system
 we will readily be able to introduce PULSE&#174; into our
existing distribution system through United Natural Food
 Inc. and Nature&#8217;s
Best
 the two largest natural food distributors. Existing distributors and
chain stores have been made aware of the health benefits and introduction of
PULSE&#174;. Introduction to begin in April





Segment
Information

have one operating segment: Non-carbonated beverages; and one geographic
segment: North America.
Industry
Background

beverages are among the most widely distributed food products in the world and
are being sold through more than 400
000 retailers in the United States
 our
core market. The United States has more than 2
600 beverage companies and 500
bottlers of beverage products. Collectively they account for more than $100
billion in annual sales. It is estimated that globally more than $300 billion
worth of non-alcoholic beverages are sold annually. The beverage market is
controlled by two giants
 The Coca-Cola Company (&#8220;Coke&#8221;) and PepsiCo
 combining
for over 70% of the non-alcoholic beverage market. Carbonated
beverage sales are slipping
 while non-carbonated beverage sales are growing.
Experts predict that beverage companies that only offer carbonated beverages
will have to work hard to off-set flagging demand. Industry watchers believe
that growth will be largely confined to non-carbonated beverages and will
chiefly affect functional drinks. Functional
 sports and energy drinks are
expected to be the principal beneficiaries of this trend.

watchers are particularly confident about the prospect for drinks that are
functional and that offer therapeutic benefit and as such capitalize on the
public&#8217;s growing interest in products that promise to improve health. Although
we will face competition in our bid for market share
 we believe
 based on
market research that our products
 strong packaging
 unique formulations and
promotions will induce early trial and in the course of two years build a
widespread and loyal following. We also believe that our products will have
strong appeal in Europe and the Pacific Rim
 in particular
 China
 a country
with which we have long standing relationships. Key drivers of the Chinese
beverage market include rising inflows of foreign direct investment
 growing
levels of consumer spending power
 an increasingly health conscious consuming
public and the Chinese government&#8217;s market-focused economic policy.&nbsp; We believe
our products will be accepted in China because of China&#8217;s growing desire for
healthy products and its growing middle class and its interest in brands that
come from North America. 


distribution systems are comprised of the following types of distributors:


primarily distribute beverages
 chips
 snacks and milk and provide pre-sales
delivery and merchandising services to their customers. Service levels are
daily and weekly and they require 25% to 30% gross profit from sales to their
customers. As
of the date of this Report
 we maintain a network of more than 90 distributors
in over 43&nbsp;states in America
 nine provinces in Canada
 Panama
 Mexico
and Bermuda. We grant these independent distributors the exclusive right in
defined territories to distribute finished cases of one or more of our products
through written agreements. These agreements typically include compensation to
those distributors in the event we provide product directly to one of our
regional retailers located in the distributor&#8217;s region. We are also obligated
to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor
agreements
 which have terms generally ranging from one to three years. We have
chosen
 and will continue to choose
 our distributors
based on their perceived ability to build our brand franchise in convenience
stores and grocery stores. 

any DSD distributors who account for more than 10% of sales.


grocery store chains where we ship direct to the chain stores warehousing
system. Retailers must have warehousing and delivery capabilities. Services
to retailer are provided by an assigned broker
 approved by us
 to oversee all
needs which provide some pre-sale and merchandising services. Our
direct to retail channel of distribution is an important part of our strategy
to target large national or regional restaurant chains
 retail accounts
including mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these
programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and
the account is serviced through the retailer&#8217;s appointed distribution system.
These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us
 and
contain no minimum purchase commitments.

not have any DTR distributors who account for more than 10% of sales.


manufacturing and warehousing of our products to third party bottlers and
independent contract manufacturers (&#8220;co-packers&#8221;). We purchase our raw materials from North American suppliers which
deliver to our third party co-packers. We currently use three co-packers
located in Forest Grove
 Oregon
 Marion
 Virginia and Coppell
 Texas to manufacture
and package our products. Having three strategically located co-packers reduces our shipping rates and transport times. We intend to identify co-packers in Canada
 Europe
 and Asia to
support the expansion of our products in those markets. Once our
products are manufactured
 we store the finished product in a warehouse
adjacent to each co-packer or in third party warehouses. Our co-packers were chosen on the basis of
their proximity to markets covered by our distributors. Most of the ingredients
used in the formulation of our products are off-the-shelf and thus readily
available. No ingredient has a lead time greater than two weeks. Other
than minimum case volume requirements per production run for most co-packers
we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our
co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case
we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our
customers. We continually review our contract packing needs in light of
regulatory compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change
co-packers based on those needs.
Raw
Materials

all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our
products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance
with our specifications. The raw materials used in the preparation and
packaging of our products consist primarily of&nbsp;


juice concentrates
 natural
flavors
 stevia
 pure cane sugar
 bottles
 labels
 trays and enclosures. These
raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract
manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which
are available from multiple suppliers.

we purchase our flavor concentrate from four flavor concentrate suppliers.
Generally
 all natural flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to the
flavors. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product
development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at
relatively low cost. We anticipate that for future flavors and additional
products
 we may purchase flavor concentrate from other flavor houses with the
intention of developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our
products. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience
disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


are committed to building products that meet or exceed the quality standards
set by the U.S. and Canadian governments. Our products are
made from high quality all natural ingredients. We ensure that all of our
products satisfy our quality standards. Contract manufacturers are selected and
monitored by our own quality control representatives in an effort to assure
adherence to our production procedures and quality standards. Samples of our
products from each production run undertaken by each of our contract
manufacturers are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. The manufacturing process steps include source selection
 receipt
and storage
 filtration
 disinfection
 bottling
 packaging
 in-place
sanitation
 plant quality control and corporate policies affecting quality
assurance. In addition
 we ensure that each bottle is stamped with a production
date
 time
 and plant code to quickly isolate problems should they arise.

every run of product
 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of
product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. For
each product
 the contract manufacturer must transmit all quality control test
results to us for reference following each production run. Testing also
includes microbiological checks and other tests to ensure the production
facilities meet the standards and specifications of our quality assurance
sample submission to Catalyst Development Inc. for microbiological checks and
other tests to ensure the production facilities meet the standards and
specifications of our quality assurance program. Water quality is ensured
through activated carbon and particulate filtration as well as alkalinity
adjustment when required. Flavors are pre-tested before shipment to contract
manufacturers from the flavor manufacturer. We are committed to ongoing product
improvement with a view toward ensuring the high quality
of our product through a stringent contract packer selection and training
program.


production and marketing of our proprietary beverages are subject to the rules
and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health
agencies
 including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food
Canada (AAFC) and the U.S.&nbsp;Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and
AAFC also regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive
notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect
to our licensed products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place
to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations.

of our beverage products presently offer non-refillable
 recyclable containers
in the U.S.&nbsp;and various other markets. Legal requirements have been
enacted in jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada requiring that deposits or
certain eco-taxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain
non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these
measures vary. Other beverage container related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax
and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various
jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada. We anticipate that similar
legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and
federal levels
 both in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada.
New
Product Development

based on developing products in those segments of the market that offer the
greatest chance of success such as health
 wellness and natural refreshment and
we will continue to seek out underserved market niches. We believe we can
quickly respond
 given our technical and marketing expertise
 to changing
market conditions with new and innovative products. We are committed to
developing products that are distinct
 meet a
quantifiable need
 are proprietary
 lend themselves to at least a 30% gross
profit
 projects a quality and healthy image
 and can be distributed through
existing distribution channels. We are identifying
brands of other companies with a view to acquiring them or taking on the
exclusive distributorship of their products.
Intellectual
Property

acquired all of the property and equipment
 formulations
 rights and trademarks
associated with PULSE&#174; from Health Beverage
 LLC pursuant to an Asset Purchase
Agreement that closed on January 31
 2011.

intellectual property:




Healthcare Corporation to use the following side panel (label) statement for PULSE&#174; Heart Health
Formula&#8482;
 PULSE&#174; Women&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482;
 PULSE&#174; Men&#8217;s Health Formula&#8482; : &#8220;PRODUCT FORMULATION DEVELOPED UNDER






formulations
 specifications
 manufacturing methods and related Canadian and US
unregistered trademark for PULSE&#174; - Heart Health&#8482;; PULSE&#174; - Women&#8217;s Health&#8482; and
PULSE&#174; - Men&#8217;s Health&#8482;. These trademarks are current in that they are being






&#8220;PULSE&#8221; &#8211; USA &amp; CANADA (a water-based beverage) U.S. No. 2698560
 Canada:
TMA 622
432 and &#8220;PULSE: NUTRITION MADE SIMPLE&#8221; &#8211; USA ONLY. U.S. No. 2819813. In
general
 trademark registrations expire 10 years from the filing date or
registration date
 with the exception in Canada
 where trademark registrations
expire 15 years from the registration date. All trademark registrations may be












consider our trademarks
 trade secrets and the license right described above to
be of considerable value and importance to our business.
Research
and Development

development expenses since February 15
 2011 except for product re-design and
flavor profile modifications.


sales may have some seasonality and we may experience fluctuations in quarterly
results due to many factors. We expect to generate a greater percentage of our
revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of
customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from
one quarter to another. As a result
 we believe that period-to-period
comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should
not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected
for the fiscal year.


 2012
 we had fifteen
employees
 including Robert E. Yates
 who serves as our President and Principal
Executive Financial and Accounting Officer.
Corporate
History

were incorporated in Nevada as Darlington Mines Ltd. (&#8220;Darlington&#8221;) on August
23
 2006. From August 23
 2006 to February 15
 2011 we were first
 an
exploration stage company
 and
 up until September 23
 2011
 did not have
operating revenues and we were considered a development stage company. As of September 23
 2011
 we began production and sales
 and
 from
that day forth we are no longer considered a development stage company
 as our
planned principal business activities had begun.

 2011 we closed a voluntary share exchange
transaction with a private Colorado company
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation
(&#8220;Pulse&#8221;). The voluntary share exchange transaction was by and among
Darlington
 Pulse and the stockholders of Pulse (the &#8220;Pulse Stockholders&#8221;). At
the Closing Date
 our former President
 Chief
Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer agreed to surrender
26
660
000 shares of common stock for cancellation. The Pulse Stockholders
received 13
280
000 shares of our common stock in exchange for 100% of the
issued and outstanding shares of Pulse representing approximately 46% of our outstanding
shares of common stock. In order to better reflect our business
operations and to change our name
 subsequent to the acquisition of Pulse
effective February 16
 2011
 we changed our name to &#8220;The Pulse Beverage
Corporation&#8221; and we were issued a new stock symbol - OTCQB:PLSB. For accounting
purposes
 the acquisition of Pulse was accounted for as a purchase of the
assets of Pulse by Darlington under the purchase method for business
combinations. Consequently
 the historical financial statements of Darlington
continued as our historical financial statements and the operations of Pulse have
been included from February 15
 2011
 being the date of acquisition.

An
investment in our common stock is risky. You should carefully consider the
following risks
 as well as the other information contained in this Form 10-K
before investing. If any of the following risks actually occurs
 our business
business prospects
 financial condition
 cash flow and results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. In this case
 the trading price of
our common stock could decline
 and you might lose part or all of your
investment. &nbsp;We may amend or supplement the risk factors described below
from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future.
Risk Factors
Relating to Our Company and Our Business
We
rely on key members of management
 the loss of whose services could adversely
affect our success and development.

success depends to a certain degree upon certain key members of the management.
These individuals are a significant factor in our growth and ability to meet
our business objectives.&nbsp; We have an experienced management team of beverage
industry executives that have successfully launched and/or managed the
distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty years.
They have strong relationships with distributors and buyers who supply thousands
of retail outlets
 supermarkets and convenience stores. The loss of our key
management personnel could slow the growth of our business
 or it may cease to
operate at all
 which may result in the total loss of an investor's investment.
Because
we do not have long term contractual commitments with our distributors
 our
business may be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain these
important relationships and distribute our products.

marketing and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and
performance of our independent distributors. We will continue our efforts to
reinforce and expand our distribution network by partnering with new
distributors and replacing underperforming distributors. We have entered into
written agreements with many of our distributors in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada
with terms ranging from one to three years. We currently do not have
 nor do we
anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term
contractual commitments from some of our distributors. In addition
 despite the
terms of the written agreements with many of our top distributors
 there are no
minimum levels of purchases required under some of those agreements
 and most
of the agreements may be terminated at any time by us
 generally with a
termination fee. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution
relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with
distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the
additional possibility that we may have to incur additional expenditures to
attract and maintain key distributors in one or more of our geographic
distribution areas in order to profitably exploit our geographic markets.

inability to maintain our distribution network or attract additional
distributors will likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.
Because
we rely on our distributors
 retailers and brokers that distribute our
competitors&#8217; products along with our own products
 we have little control in
ensuring our product reaches customers
 which could cause our sales to suffer.




ability to establish a market for our products in new geographic areas
 as well
as maintain and expand our existing markets
 is dependent on our ability to
establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of
our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent
a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors
retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ
sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking retail
shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Our ability to maintain our distribution network and
attract additional distributors
 retailers and brokers will depend on a number
of factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors
include: the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular
distribution area; our ability to price our products at levels competitive with
those of competing products;&nbsp;and our ability to deliver products in the
quantity and at the time ordered by distributors
 retailers and brokers.&nbsp; 

any of the above factors work negatively against us
 our sales will likely
decline and our results of operations will be adversely affected. 
Because
our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us
 we need to
manage our inventory levels
 and it is difficult to predict the timing and
amount of our sales.

independent distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual
orders for our products. In order to reduce inventory costs
 independent
distributors endeavor to order products from us on a &#8220;just in time&#8221; basis in
quantities
 and at such times
 based on the demand for the products in a
particular distribution area. Accordingly
 there is no assurance as to the
timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or that
any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same
frequencies and volumes as they may have done in the past. In order to be able
to deliver our products on a timely basis
 we need to maintain adequate
inventory levels of the desired products
 but we cannot predict the number of
cases sold by any of our distributors. If we fail to meet our shipping
schedules
 we could damage our relationships with distributors and/or
retailers
 increase our shipping costs or cause sales opportunities to be
delayed or lost
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely
affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products
held by our distributors and/or retailers is too high
 they will not place
orders for additional products
 which would also unfavorably impact our future
sales and adversely affect our operating results.
Our
business plan and future growth is dependent in part on our distribution
arrangements with retailers and regional retail accounts. If we are unable to
establish and maintain these arrangements
 our results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected.

have distribution arrangements with a few regional retail accounts to
distribute our products directly through their venues. However
 there are
several risks associated with this distribution strategy. First
 we do not have
long-term agreements in place with any of these accounts and thus
 the
arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us. Accordingly
we may not be able to maintain continuing relationships with any of these
national accounts. A decision by any of these retailers
 or any large retail
accounts we may obtain
 to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease
carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation
financial condition or results of operations. In addition
 we may not be able to
establish additional distribution arrangements with other national retailers.

our dependence on national and regional retail chains may result in pressure on
us to reduce our pricing to them or seek significant product discounts. Any
increase in our costs for these retailers to carry our product
 reduction in
price
 or demand for product discounts could have a material adverse effect on
our profit margin.

our DTR distribution arrangements may have an adverse impact on our existing
relationships with our independent regional distributors
 who may view our DTR
accounts as competitive with their business
 making it more difficult for us to
maintain and expand our relationships with independent distributors.
We
rely on independent contract manufacturers of our products
 and this dependence
could make management of our marketing and distribution efforts inefficient or
unprofitable.

not own the plants or the equipment required to manufacture and package our
beverage products
 and do not directly manufacture our products but instead
outsource the manufacturing process to third party bottlers and independent
contract manufacturers (co-packers). We do not anticipate bringing the
manufacturing process in-house in the future. Currently
 our products are
prepared
 bottled and packaged by two primary co-packers. Our ability to
attract and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and
other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in
a particular geographic distribution area is important to the success of our
operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract
manufacturers&#8217; business is intense
 especially in the western U.S.
 and this
could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and
could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our manufacturers.
Our contract manufacturers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver
products to our customers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships
with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships
with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in existing or new
geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective
relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could
increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce profits realized
from the sale of our products in that area. In addition
 poor relations with
any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing
of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn adversely
affect our revenues and financial condition.

customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized
companies
 we are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs
sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements. We continually evaluate
which of our contract manufacturers to utilize based on the cost structure and
forecasted demand for the particular geographic area where our contract
manufacturers are located. To the extent demand for our products exceeds
available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing
arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable
to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more
product than warranted by actual demand
 resulting in higher storage costs and
the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and
manage our contract manufacturing requirements may impair relationships with
our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely
have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective
relationships with those distributors and key accounts.



Our
business and financial results depend on the continuous supply and availability
of raw materials.

principal raw materials we use include glass bottles
 labels
 closures
flavorings
 stevia
 pure cane sugar and other natural ingredients. The costs of
our ingredients are subject to fluctuation. If our supply of these raw
materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly
 our business would
be adversely affected. Certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow
such contract manufacturers to increase their charges based on certain of their
own cost increases. While certain of our raw materials
 like glass
 are based
on a fixed-price purchase commitment
 the prices of any of the above or any
other raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future and we
may not be able to pass any cost increases on to our customers.

may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate
demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may
be less precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If
we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure
sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 glass
labels
 flavors
 and natural sweeteners
 or sufficient packing arrangements
 we
might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners
have been experienced and could
 from time to time in the future
 be
experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of
our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.
Rising
raw material
 fuel and freight costs as well as freight capacity issues may
have an adverse impact on our sales and earnings.

recent volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in rising fuel and
freight prices
 which many shipping companies are passing on to their
customers. Our shipping costs
 and particularly fuel surcharges charged by our
freight carriers
 have been increasing and we expect these costs may continue
to increase. Energy surcharges on our raw materials may continue to increase.
Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we do not anticipate that we will
be able to pass all of these increased costs on to our customers.

the same time
 the economy appears to be returning to pre-recession levels
resulting in the rise of freight volumes which is exacerbated by carrier
failures to meet demands and fleet reductions due to fewer drivers in the
market. We may be unable to secure available carrier capacity at reasonable
rates
 which could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
We
rely upon our ongoing relationships with our key flavor suppliers. If we are
unable to source our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers
 we
could suffer disruptions in our business.

we purchase our flavor concentrate from three suppliers
 and we anticipate that
we will purchase flavor concentrate from others with the intention of
developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. The
price of our concentrates is determined by our flavor houses
 and may be
subject to change. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to
their flavors. Consequently
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas
for our flavors and concentrates and we may be unable to obtain these flavors
or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to
replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to
deliver products to our customers or experience a change in the taste of our
products
 all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations.
If we
are unable to maintain brand image and product quality
 or if we encounter
other product issues such as product recalls
 our business may suffer.

success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing
products and effectively build up brand image for new products and brand
extensions. There can be no assurance
 however
 that additional expenditures
and our advertising and marketing will have the desired impact on our products&#8217;
brand image and on consumer preferences. Product quality issues
 real or
imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or
unfounded
 could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause
consumers to choose other products.

addition
 because of changing government regulations; or their implementation
or allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time
to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could
affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.
The
inability to attract and retain key personnel would directly affect our
efficiency and results of operations.

success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees
in such areas as distribution
 sales
 marketing and finance. We compete to hire
new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and
competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased
costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or
increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly
involving our key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations
 financial
condition and employee morale.
Our inability to protect our trademarks and trade
secrets may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing
effectively.

to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or
defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of
significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual
property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable
value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination
of trademark and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. We are pursuing the
registration of additional trademarks in the U.S.
 Canada and internationally.
There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these
proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe or
misappropriate our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In
addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert
infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against
other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be
costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or
any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to market or sell our brands or profitably exploit our
products.

part of the licensing strategy of our brands
 we enter into licensing
agreements under which we grant our licensing partners certain rights to use
our trademarks and other designs. Although our agreements require that the
licensing partner&#8217;s use of our trademarks and designs is subject to our control
and approval
 any breach of these provisions
 or any other action by any of our
licensing partners that is harmful to our brands
 goodwill and overall image
could have a material adverse impact on our business.



If we
are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and
internal control over financial reporting
 our stock price and investor
confidence in us could be materially and adversely affected.

are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal
control over financial reporting that are effective. Because of its inherent
limitations
 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed
and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the
controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other
inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance
that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential
future conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of
adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.
Because
we have a limited operating history and losses since inception
 it is difficult
to evaluate your investment in our stock.

have been operating since February 15
 2011 and in production since September
22
 2011 and have not yet achieved positive cash flow from operations or
profitability. Evaluation of our business will be difficult because we have a
limited operating history. We have generated start-up losses to date while we
build our distribution network which could adversely affect our stock price.
For the period from inception through December 31
 2012
 we have accumulated
losses in excess of $4.5 million.&nbsp; We face a number of risks encountered by
early-stage companies
 including our need to develop infrastructure to support
growth and expansion; our need to obtain long-term sources of financing; our
need to establish our marketing
 sales and support organizations; and our need
to manage expanding operations. Our business strategy may not be successful
and we may not successfully address these risks. If we are unable to obtain
profitable operations
 investors may lose their entire investment in us.
We
may not be able to successfully manage growth of our business.

future success will be highly dependent upon our ability to successfully manage
the anticipated expansion of our operations. Our ability to manage and support
growth effectively will be substantially dependent on our ability to implement
adequate financial and management controls
 reporting systems and other
procedures
 and attract and retain qualified technical
 sales
 marketing
financial
 accounting
 and administrative and management personnel.

future success also depends upon our ability to address potential market
opportunities while managing expenses to match our ability to finance our
operations. This need to manage our expenses will place a significant strain on
our management and operational resources. If we are unable to manage our
expenses effectively
 our business
 results of operations and financial
condition will be materially and adversely affected.


not presently intend to do so
 as part of our business strategy in the future
we could acquire beverage brands and related assets complementary to our core
business operations. Any acquisitions by us would involve risks commonly
encountered in acquisitions of assets. These risks would include
 among other
things
 the following:








Risks
Related to our Common Stock
Penny
Stock&#8221; rules may make buying or selling our securities difficult.

the SEC&#8217;s &#8220;penny stock&#8221; rules and it is anticipated that trading in our
securities will continue to be subject to the penny stock rules for the
foreseeable future. The SEC has adopted regulations that generally define a
penny stock to be any equity security that has a market price of less than
$5.00 per share
 subject to certain exceptions. These rules require that any
broker-dealer who recommends our securities to persons other than prior
customers and accredited investors must
 prior to the sale
 make a special
written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&#8217;s
written agreement to execute the transaction. Unless an exception is available
the regulations require the delivery
 prior to any transaction involving a
penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule explaining the penny stock market and the
risks associated with trading in the penny stock market. In addition
broker-dealers must disclose commissions payable to both the broker-dealer and
the registered representative and current quotations for the securities they
offer. The additional burdens imposed upon broker-dealers by such requirements
may discourage broker-dealers from recommending transactions in our securities
which could limit the liquidity and adversely affect the market price for our common
stock.
Our
securities are traded on the Pink OTC Markets as a QB issuer
 which may not
provide us much liquidity for our investors as more recognized senior exchanges
such as 

OTC Markets under the QB tier (&#8220;the OTC markets&#8221;). The OTC markets are
inter-dealer
 over-the-counter markets that provide significantly less
liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national or regional exchanges.
Securities traded on these OTC markets are usually thinly traded
 highly
volatile
 have fewer market makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC&#8217;s
order&nbsp;


handling rules
 which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities
 do not apply to
securities quoted on the OTC markets. Quotes for stocks included on the OTC markets
are not listed in newspapers. Therefore
 prices for securities traded solely on
the OTC markets may be difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be
unable to resell their securities at or near their original acquisition price
or at any price.
A sale of a
substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our
common stock to decline.

amounts of our common stock in the public market
 the market price of our common
stock could fall.
Any
future equity or debt issuances by us may have dilutive or adverse effects on
our existing shareholders.

may issue additional shares of common due to warrants or options being
exercised that could dilute your ownership in our company. Moreover
 any
issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market
price of our common stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our
shareholders
 which could cause the market price of our common stock to
decline.
We
have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the
future. Any returns on investment may be limited to the value of our common
stock.

common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us. If we
do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable.
Our
stock price is volatile and you may not be able to sell your shares for more
than what you paid.

significant volatility
 and you may not be able to sell shares of common stock
at or above the price you paid for them. The trading price of our common stock
has been subject to fluctuations in the past. During the year ended December
31
 2012
 our common stock traded at prices as low as $0.36 per share and as
high as $0.73 per share.

could continue to fluctuate in the future in response to various factors
including
 but not limited to:








continued to experience volatility which may further affect our stock price.
Risk
Factors Relating to Our Industry
We
compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and
acceptance of our products are critical to our success.

business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our
products and brands by our target market. In addition
 our business depends on
acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as
beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth.
Competition
from traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our
distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets
as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.

beverage industry is highly competitive. Due to our small size
 it can be
assumed that many of our competitors have significantly greater financial
technical
 marketing and other competitive resources. We compete against giant
names like The Coca-Cola Company (&#8220;Coke&#8221;) and PepsiCo
 which combine for over
70% of the non-alcoholic beverage market. We compete
with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but also for
shelf space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our distributors
 all
of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with a wide
range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of
which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution
resources than ours.

competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded
beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact
our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other
competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our
distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and
financial targets. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater
financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse
effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market
for our products.
We
compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences
and public perception
 so our ability to continue developing new products to
satisfy our consumers&#8217; changing preferences will determine our long-term
success.

to introduce new brands
 products or product extensions into the marketplace as
current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#8217; changing preferences could
prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability.
Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#8217; preferences change over time.
Although we try to anticipate these shifts and develop new products to
introduce to our consumers
 there is no guarantee that we will succeed.
Our
business is subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly.




production
 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various
federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority
finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance
with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
thus adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.
Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage
our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products.
Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time
and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of
anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our
business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether
labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.
ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF
COMMENTS



located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
 Colorado 80234. We lease these
facilities on a month-to-month basis at a cost of $4
000 per month. We also
sub-lease product development space located at Unit # 22 &#8211; 8980 Fraserwood
Court
 Burnaby
 BC
 Canada V5J 5H7 at a cost of $1
400 per month. We believe these
facilities are suitable for our current needs.


Jose Loureiro (the &#8220;Plaintiff&#8221;) filed a Notice of Civil Claim against us and
two former directors of our company in the Supreme Court of British Columbia
Canada on March 5
 2012. The Supreme court of British Columbia has no
jurisdiction against us and we have never been served. The claim alleges that
these former directors breached certain oral and/or written agreements relating
to the sale of certain securities of our company and that our company induced
such former directors to do so. The relief sought by the Plaintiff is the
specific performance of such former directors to sell such securities to him or
that our company issues such securities to him and
 further or alternatively
unspecified damages against our company and such former directors.&nbsp; On January
18
 2013
 even though we have never been legally served
 we filed a Response to
the Notice of Civil Claim in the Supreme Court of British Columbia. We are of
the view that the claim is completely without merit and we intend to vigorously
defend against any and all claims under this lawsuit. Any potential judgment
against us and awarded to the Plaintiff is expected to be immaterial.
ITEM 4.
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE

Applicable.

ITEM 5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market
Information

 2011
 there was no
public trading market for our securities. On April 5
 2011
 our common stock was
quoted under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTCBB operated by the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority
 Inc. (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) and the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets
Group
 Inc.

of high and low bid prices for our common stock for each applicable quarterly
period. The table reflects inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

Ended December 31
 2012:













  
  




  
  




  
  




  
  



December 31
 2011:













  
  




  
  




  
  




  
  



provisions of Section 15(g) and Rule 15g-9 of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934
In
July 2012, the FASB issued ASU 2012-02, Intangibles&#8212;Goodwill and Other
On July 29, 2011, we adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive
Plan (the &#8220;2011 Plan) under which we are authorized to grant up to a
total of 4
500
000 shares of common stock. Further
 the 2011 Plan authorizes our
Board of Directors to grant options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock





 2012 we granted performance equity compensation awards to  certain officers
 directors and consultants (the &ldquo;Performance Equity  Recipients&rdquo;). We are to issue 600
000 shares to Performance Equity Recipients  on the basis of 480
000 common shares for each 200
000 cases of any of our  products sold to a maximum of 2
400
000 common shares issuable. As at September  28
 2012 we had sold 200
000 cases of product and thus
 our Performance Equity  Recipients earned
 and were issued on December 21
 2012
 480
000 common shares  having a fair value of $249
600. This amount was charged to operations as share  based compensation. As of December 31
 2012 the Performance Equity Recipients have  earned a further 93
000 common shares having a fair value of $51
083 which has  been recorded as accrued expenses as at December 31





 2012 we granted stock options under the
2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase
3
100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before April 30
 2017.
A total of 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vested on October 31
 2012
with a further 25% vesting on each of April 30
 2013 and October 31





 2012 we granted a stock option to a
consultant to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or
before July 30
 2017. A total 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting
on each of January 31
 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31





 2012
 we recorded
stock-based compensation of $914





at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the
weighted average grant date fair values of stock options granted and vested
during the year ended December 31
 2012 was $0.37 per share as to 3
100
000
stock options and $0.33 as to 100





years ended December 31







  


  








  


  








  


  








  


  








  


  















  


  


  


  






  


  


  


  






  


  


  


  






 December 31

  


  


  


  






  


  


  


  






  

200


  


  


  






  


  


  


  






 December 31

  

200


  


  


  







  


  


  


  






 December 31

  

575


  


  


  








outstanding as of December 31
 2012
 and changes during the year ended December
31






  


  






  


  







  


  






  


  






  

200


  






  

575


  






  


  







  

625


  







 2012
 there was $273
811 of
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option agreements









 2010
 we loaned $200
000 to a company controlled by our
Chief of Product Development (See Note 5). During the year we received $4
885
(2011 - $2
761) as a principal repayment and $7
831 of interest (2011 -
$5





 2011
 we entered into a Director&#8217;s Agreement with a
director. The director&#8217;s Agreement has a term of one year and is cancellable at
any time with a 30-day written notice and provides for a fee of $5
000 per
quarter. During the year the director elected to convert unpaid fees of $25
833
including $5
833 owing from 2011
 into 47
222 $0.30 Units and 29
167 $0.40
Units. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase
warrant to acquire 76
389 common shares at an average exercise price of $0.53
expiring January 25
 2015 to December 21









for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and
liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future
based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the
differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are
established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected
to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the
period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and





effective tax rate on the net loss before income taxes differs from the U.S.






  
December 31






  




  








  


  






  


  






  


  






  


  












  
December 31






  




  








  

217


  







  



  







  



  







  

583


  







  


  






  



  







  

569


  







  

569


  







  


  







net change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31
 2012 was
$(2
179








600
000
available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes
 which will
expire in various years through 2032
 if not previously utilized. However
 our ability
to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially limited or





 formerly FIN 48
 and
&#8220;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#8221;. We had no material unrecognized
income tax assets or liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2012 and





is to expense those items as general and administrative expense but to identify
them for tax purposes. During the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there
was no income tax or related interest and penalty items in the income
statement
 or liabilities on the balance sheet. We file income tax returns in
the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. We are no longer
subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years
beginning October 1
 2008 or state income tax examination by tax authorities
for years beginning October 1
 2009. We are not currently involved in any










Topic 820-10 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical
assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority to
unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). ASC Topic 820-10 defines fair value
as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the
measurement date. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell
the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the
asset or liability. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC





1 &#8211; Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or





2 &#8211; Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in
active markets
 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets
that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated
by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or





3 &#8211; Valuations based on inputs that are supportable by little or no market
activity and that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability.





following table presents a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31






  


  


  


  






  


  


  


  






  


  



  


  







  


  


  


  







following table presents a reconciliation of all assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31






  


  


  


  






  


  


  


  






  


  



  


  







  


  


  


  











 2011 we acquired 100% of the
issued and outstanding shares of The Pulse Beverage Corporation (&#8220;Pulse&#8221;). Pulse
shareholders were issued 13
280
000 common shares in exchange for 100% of the
issued and outstanding common shares of Pulse for a total purchase price of
$1
618
020. For
accounting purposes
 the acquisition of Pulse was accounted for utilizing the
equity method by us under acquisition method for business combinations.
Pursuant to ASC 805
 we recognized identifiable assets acquired and financial liabilities






  






280

  

618







  






  






  







  







  







  

618









fair value of the 13
280
000 common shares issued as consideration paid for
100% of the issued shares of The Pulse Beverage Corporation was determined on
the basis of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities









the date these financial statements were issued and determined that there are






102
700
pursuant to our $0.40 Unit offering.. Pursuant to subscription agreements
received and accepted we issued a total of 10
256
750 $0.40 Units. Each $0.40
Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to
acquire one additional share at $0.65 expiring three years from date of






333 of
debt owing to two Advisory Board Members and a director by issuing 58
333 $0.40






783
common shares
 having a fair value of $0.74 per share
 pursuant to a
professional services agreement
 as compensation for services rendered and to
be rendered for the period from January 25
 2013 to April 25






000 common
shares
 having a fair value of $0.63 per share
 pursuant to a letter agreement
as compensation for services to be rendered from January 1
 2013 to June 30






$0.40 Unit offering and pursuant to an Agency Agreement we issued 275
000
common share purchase warrants to acquire one additional common share at $0.65 expiring
three years from date of purchase. In addition we issued 100
000 common shares
having a fair value of $1.42 per share
 as compensation for introduction of an


ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

the last two fiscal years
 we have had no disagreements with our accountants on
accounting and financial disclosure.

1
 2013
 our board of directors approved the engagement of L.L. Bradford &amp;
Company
 LLC
 as our new independent registered public accounting firm and on
January 31
 2013 we dismissed Weaver
 Martin &amp; Samyn 
 LLC
 our former
independent registered public accounting firm.&nbsp; The engagement of L.L. Bradford
&amp; Company
 LLC and dismissal of Weaver
 Martin &amp; Samyn 
 LLC was
previously reported in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February
4
 2013.

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

E. Yates
 who is both our chief executive officer and our chief financial
officer
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure
controls and procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp;Disclosure controls and procedures means
controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information we
are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by us in those reports is accumulated
and communicated to the our management
 including our principal executive and
principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934) as of December 31
 2012. Based on that evaluation it was concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2012.
Changes
in internal controls

were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred
during the quarter ended December 31
 2012 that have materially affected
 or
are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.
Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of
internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;As defined by the SEC
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under
the supervision of our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer and implemented by our Board of Directors
 management and other
personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:


 in reasonable detail








Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Also
 projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

December 31
 2012 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with
the participation of our chief executive officer (our principle executive
officer) and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and
accounting officer) of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission
 or the COSO Framework.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management's assessment included
an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting
and testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls.

upon this assessment
 management concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective.

annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&#8217;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public
accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth
in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act. 



ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


names
 ages
 and respective positions of our directors
 executive officers
 and
key employees are set forth below.





  


  

  Positions with Company





  
  





  
  





  
  


Robert E. Yates
President
 Chief Executive
 Financial and Accounting
Officer and Director 

current president
 chief executive officer
 chief financial officer and
treasurer and has served in those positions since February 15
 2011. Mr. Yates
has also been a director of the Company since February 15
 2011.

seasoned business executive with experience in growing and managing businesses
as exemplified by efforts on behalf of Vancol Industries. From 2006 to 2009
Mr. Yates served as a General Manager of Mobility Works
 in Cincinnati
 Ohio
 a
company engaged in providing specialty equipment and handicapped accessible
vehicles in support of disabled populations. From 1993 to 2005
 Mr. Yates was
in charge of a start-up operation for Vancol with his areas of responsibility:
product development
 plant production and the distribution of Vancol&#8217;s many
products in both the United States and Canada. Under his guidance
 Vancol&#8217;s
sales rose from less than $10 million to $50 million in three years. Over the
last twenty years Mr. Yates&#8217; beverage portfolio has included such brands as
Monster; AriZona Tea; Rock Star
 Vitamin Water
 Perrier
 Everfresh Juices
Ocean Spray
 Miller Beer
 Honest Tea and Fiji Water. In addition
 Mr. Yates
successfully launched his own brand
 Quencher
 which he built into a 2 million
case brand in two years. Mr. Yates completed a management course at Oglethorpe
University in Atlanta
 Georgia
 and has an associate&#8217;s degree in business
administration from Highland Park College
 in Highland Park
 Michigan and
completed a Professional Personnel Management Course with the US Air Force.
Parley Sheya &#8211; Director


Sheya has been a director of the Company since July 1
 2011.

over twenty-nine years of international executive sales and distribution
management experience in the beverage industry. He has an extensive track
record in the development of brands and in building beverage brand sales and
distribution systems from the ground up to multi-million case sales. He was
sales manager for a beverage brand called Kwencher&#174; . Mr. Sheya has managed a
broad range of beverage brands including: Jolt Cola&#174;
 Hires Root Beer&#174;; Crush&#174;
Soda; Bubble-Up&#174;; Country Time Lemonade&#174;; Hansen&#8217;s Natural Sodas and Juices;
New York Seltzer&#174; and Evian Water&#174;.&nbsp; From 2007 to 2008 Mr. Sheya was a
self-employed beverage consultant and from 2008 to 2009 was the key account
manager for New Leaf Brands Inc. managing national sales for Inspiration Beverage
and from 2010 to June 2011 was sales manager for Bing Energy Drink.&nbsp; 
Francis Chiew &#8211; Secretary
and Director

October 14
 2009
 Francis Chiew was appointed as President
 Secretary
 Chief
Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and a director of the Company. On
February 15
 2011 Mr. Chiew resigned all of his officer positions and remains
as a director and secretary. Since February 2006 to present
 Mr. Chiew has
served as the Managing Director of Lightship Asia Pacific
 LLC (USA) (LAP)
and as a director and the General Manager of two of LAP's joint ventures -
China Lightship Leasing Co. (HK) Ltd. (CLLC) and Beijing Lightship
Advertising Co. Ltd (BLAC). LAP
 CLLC and BLAC were formed to
establish advertising opportunities using airships. From 2004 to January 2006
Mr. Chiew served as a director of FBV Corporation Pte Ltd.
 a private company
with varying business interests
 including electronic product delivery and
payment solutions. From 2002 to May 2004
 Mr. Chiew served as the Director of
Business Development - Asia for EPOSS Limited (formerly ROK Group). EPOSS
Limited
 which subsequently became a subsidiary of Western Union
 First Data
Corporation
 U.S.A.
 was primarily involved with the development of prepayment
solutions and systems within the banking and telecommunications industries.




directors serve until our next annual stockholders meeting or until their
successors are duly elected and qualified. Officers hold their positions at the
will of the board of directors.

is an independent director
 as that term is defined by Rule 10A-3 of the
Exchange Act. None of our directors qualifies as a &#8220;financial expert&#8221; as
defined by Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.


not have an audit
 nominating or compensation committee.&nbsp;&nbsp;We intend
however
 to establish an audit committee and a compensation committee of our
Board of Directors in the future
 once we have sufficient independent
directors. We envision that the audit committee will be primarily responsible
for reviewing the services performed by our independent auditor
 evaluating our
accounting policies and our system of internal controls. The compensation
committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing and approving our salary
and benefits policies (including stock options) and other compensation of our
executive officers.
Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

2006 Robert E. Yates filed for personal bankruptcy in Federal Bankruptcy Court
in Denver
 Colorado. His personal bankruptcy was finalized in February
 2007.
In May
 2005 Vancol Industries filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code. Mr. Yates resigned his position as an executive officer of
Vancol Industries in 2005. 

set forth above
 no director
 executive officer
 significant employee or
control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed
in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years.
Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who
beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class
of the Company&#8217;s equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of
ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity
securities of the Company. Officers
 directors and greater than ten percent
beneficial shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with
copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge based
solely on a review of Forms 3
 4
 and 5 (and any amendments thereof) received
by us during or with respect to the year ended December 31
 2012
 the following
persons have failed to file
 on a timely basis
 the identified reports required
by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31
2012:







  



  



  




 Chief
  
  Executive
 Financial and Accounting
  Officer and Director
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  


Code
of Ethics

have not adopted a formal code of ethics that applies to our directors
officers or employees since we only have fifteen employees including our two
officers.

Summary
Compensation Table

table sets forth the compensation earned by Executive Officers during the last
two fiscal years.




  and Principal Position




  ($)


  ($)


  Awards
  ($)


  Awards
  ($)


  Compensation
  ($)


  Compensation Earnings
  ($)


  
  ($)


  ($)



  E. Yates
  President
 Chief 
  Executive Officer

  Treasurer and Chief 

  








  
  
  







  
  
  
  
  
  





  Sheya
  VP and National
  Sales 

  








  
  
  







  
  
  
  
  
  




Performance
Awards

 2012 we granted performance equity  compensation awards to certain officers
 directors and consultants (the  &ldquo;Performance Equity Recipients&rdquo;). We are to issue 2
400
000 common shares to  Performance Equity Recipients on the basis of 480
000 common shares for 


each 200
000 cases of any of our products sold to a  maximum of 2
400
000 common shares issuable. As at September 28
 2012 we had  sold 200
000 cases of product and thus
 our Performance Equity Recipients  earned
 and were issued on December 21
 2012
 480
000 common shares having a  fair value of $249
600 of which 160
000 common shares
 valued at $83
200
 were  issued to our Chief Executive Officer
 Robert E. Yates
 and 80
000 common  shares
 valued at $41
600
 were issued to Parley Sheya. There are outstanding  equity awards for 1
920
000 common shares to be issued upon another 800
000  cases of product being sold. As at December 31
 2012 the Performance Equity  Recipients have earned a further 93
000 common shares having a fair value of  $51
083 which has been recorded as accrued expenses as at December 31
  2012.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 

not maintain any plans in respect of the retirement of our directors and
executive officers.
Stock
Incentive Plan

company
 held n July 29
 2011
 we adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive
&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;11.&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On July 29, 2011, we adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;2011 Plan) under which we are authorized to grant up to a total of 4
500
000 shares of common stock. Further
 the 2011 Plan authorizes our Board of Directors to grant options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock awards and stock appreciation rights as compensation for services rendered.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On April 27
 2012 we granted performance equity compensation awards to certain officers
 directors and consultants (the &amp;#147;Performance Equity Recipients&amp;#148;). We are to issue 600
000 shares to Performance Equity Recipients on the basis of 480
000 common shares for each 200
000 cases of any of our products sold to a maximum of 2
400
000 common shares issuable. As at September 28
 2012 we had sold 200
000 cases of product and thus
 our Performance Equity Recipients earned
 and were issued on December 21
 2012
 480
000 common shares having a fair value of $249
600. This amount was charged to operations as share based compensation. As of December 31
 2012 the Performance Equity Recipients have earned a further 93
000 common shares having a fair value of $51
083 which has been recorded as accrued expenses as at December 31
 2012.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On April 27
 2012 we granted stock options under the 2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 3
100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before April 30
 2017. A total of 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vested on October 31
 2012 with a further 25% vesting on each of April 30
 2013 and October 31
 2013.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;On July 31
 2012 we granted a stock option to a consultant to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before July 30
 2017. A total 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on each of January 31
 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31
 2014.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012
 we recorded stock-based compensation of $914
036.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;The fair values of stock options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the weighted average grant date fair values of stock options granted and vested during the year ended December 31
 2012 was $0.37 per share as to 3
100
000 stock options and $0.33 as to 100
000 stock options.&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;The weighted average assumptions used for each of the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 are as follows:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.27%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;104%&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Expected option life (in years)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;5.00&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;The following table summarizes the continuity of our stock options:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Exercise&lt;br /&gt;Price&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;br /&gt;Remaining&lt;br /&gt;Contractual&lt;br /&gt;Term&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;Value&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;$&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;(years)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;3
200
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Outstanding
 December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;3
200
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;4.34&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;432
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-top: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid&gt;Exercisable
 December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;1
575
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.50&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;4.34&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;212
625&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;A summary of the status of our non-vested stock options outstanding as of December 31
 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;Non-vested stock options&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;Number of&lt;br /&gt;Options&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.8in&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;Average&lt;br /&gt;Grant Date&lt;br /&gt;Fair Value&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom; width: 0.2in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; vertical-align: bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Non-vested at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#150;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;3
200
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.37&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Vested&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;(1
575
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.37&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid&gt;Non-vested at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;1
625
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;0.37&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;As at December 31
 2012
 there was $273


 2011 we:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;a)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;approved&amp;#160; a 12:1 forward stock split by way of stock dividend (the &amp;#147;Split&amp;#148;). A dividend of twelve common shares was issued for each one share of common stock issued and outstanding as of February 4
 2011. The stock dividend increased the number of our issued and outstanding common shares to 42
180
000 from 3
515
000. The stock dividend did not affect the number of authorized common stock
 which remained at 100
000
000. On February 15
 2011 our former President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 agreed to surrender 26
660
000 shares of our common stock to us for cancellation;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;b)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued to Pulse shareholders a total of 13
280
000 common shares having a fair value of $1
618
020
 in exchange for 100% of the outstanding common shares of Pulse. We also assumed a short-term loan of $100
000 pursuant to the acquisition of Pulse. Between August 29
 2011 and September 15
 2011 we received a further $400
000 from the same lender. On September 15
 2011 we issued 1
000
000 units at $0.50 per Unit (&amp;#147;$0.50 Unit&amp;#148;) to settle this debt. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one additional common share at $0.75 per share expiring September 15
 2016;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;c)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued 1
025
000 common shares to foreign accredited investors at $1.00 per share for total proceeds of $1
025
000;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;d)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued 30
000 common shares having a fair value of $32
400 as compensation pursuant to an Advisory Board Agreement. This amount was recorded as a prepaid expense to be amortized over a two year period ending June 15
 2013. On September 15
 2011 we issued 10
000 common shares having a fair value of $10
548 pursuant to this Advisory Board Agreement;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;e)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued 116
667 $0.50 Units to settle $58
335 in advisory fees owing to Advisory Board members and a director;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;f)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued 30
000 common shares
 having a fair value of $10
500
 pursuant to an agreement for services to be rendered from January 1
 2012 to June 30
 2012. This amount was charged to operations during 2012;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31
 2012 we:&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;g)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued a total of 400
000 $0.30 Units pursuant to $120
000 received prior to December 31
 2011;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;h)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;received $857
000 pursuant to a $0.30 Unit offering and issued a total of 2
856
666 $0.30 Units. Each $0.30 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one additional common share at $0.45 for a period of five years;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;i)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;received $1
870
000 pursuant to a $0.40 Unit offering and issued a total of 4
675
000 $0.40 Units. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one additional common share at $0.60 per share as to 1
250
000 $0.40 Units and at $0.65 per common share as to 3
425
000 $0.40 Units
 all expiring three years from date of purchase;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;j)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued a total of 309
664 $0.30 Units and 179
167 $0.40 Units
 all having a fair value of $164
566 in advisory and business consulting fees owing to Advisory Board members
 a director
 and an employee. A total of $29
166 was to settle amounts owing at December 31
 2011 and $135
400 was for services owing for the year ended December 31
 2012. Each $0.30 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one common share at $0.45 for a period of five years. Each $0.40 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one common share at $0.65 for a period of three years;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;k)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued a total of 81
667 common shares
 having a fair value of $46
279
 pursuant to an Advisory Board Agreement. A total of $6
579 was to settle accrued amounts owing at December 31
 2011
 $31
588 was for services rendered during the year and $8
112 was prepaid for services to June 15
 2013;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;l)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued a total of 707
571 common shares
 having a fair value of $357
300
 pursuant to agreements for services rendered. A total of $348
967 was charged to operations and $8
333 was prepaid for services to January 31
 2013;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table border=0 cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-size: 10pt; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td nowrap=nowrap style=width: 0.5in&gt;m)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;issued 480
000 common shares on December 21
 2012 pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to the 200
000 cases sold milestone provided therein. These shares had a fair value of $249
600. A total of 240

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

967 was charged to operations and $8
333 was prepaid for services to January 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

250
000 $0.40 Units and at $0.65 per common share as to 3
425
000 $0.40 Units

    
    
    
    
    

166 was to settle amounts owing at December 31
 2011 and $135
400 was for services owing for the year ended December 31


579 was to settle accrued amounts owing at December 31
 2011
 $31
588 was for services rendered during the year and $8
112 was prepaid for services to June 15

    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

963&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;720
488&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Trademarks&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;159
706&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;112
139&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Side panel statement rights&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;125
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;125
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Patents&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;50
160&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;50
160&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Website&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;31
750&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;31
750&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Less: amortization&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;(23
631&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;(8
309&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Total Intangible Assets&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;1
104
948&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;1
031


779&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;590
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Display equipment - Coolers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;122
187&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;120
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Office equipment and computers&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;29
570&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;26
113&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Mobile display unit&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;125
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;125
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Less: depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;(24
663&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;(2
577&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Total Property and Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;482
874&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;858


255&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;21
302&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;Employee advances&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;500&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;202
755&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;21
302&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1px solid; text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #E6EFFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=background-color: #FFFFFF&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;202
755&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; vertical-align: bottom&gt;21

















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of accumulated depreciation of $24
663 and $2
577



      







 net of accumulated amortization of $23
631 and $8



      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 1
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value




 100
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.00001 par value 40
701
402 and 31
011
667 issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


      






















      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



























870




870




870



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



280



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


 Decrease


      

      

      

      

      

      













      




      

      


 Purchase Price Allocation
 Current Assets



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

161
393

116
667


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


Equity Instruments (13
280
000 common shares)

618
020


        
        


        

000


        

488


        

524)


        

618
020




        
          

        
          
            

 including the number of instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 12
 13
 14
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 12
 13
 14
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 13
 14
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

600
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

000)


        
        


        

000


        

055


        

114




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        

200
000
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

575
000)
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

625
000
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        
        


        
        

515
000


        
        

180
000


        
        

660
000


        
        

280
000


        
        

618
020


        
        

000


        
        

000
000


        
        
        


        
        

 2016;


        
        

025
000


        
        
        


        
        

025
000


        
        

000


        
        

400


        
        

 2013


        

667

000


        

279

548


        

579 was to settle accrued amounts owing at December 31
 2011
 $31
588 was for services rendered during the year and $8
112 was prepaid for services to June 15
 2013;
        


        
        

667


        
        
        


        
        

335


        

571

000


        

300

500


        

967 was charged to operations and $8
333 was prepaid for services to January 31
 2013
        


Issued Shares (pursuant to $120
000 received)

000
        


Unit Price (pursuant to $120
000 received)
        
        


Fair Value of Shares (pursuant to $120
000 received)

000
        


Issued Shares (pursuant to $857
000 received)

856
666
        


Unit Price (pursuant to $857
000 received)
        
        


Warrants Offered (pursuant to $857
000 received)
        
        


Issued Shares (pursuant to $1
870
000 received)

675
000
        


Unit Price (pursuant to $1
870
000 received)
        
        


Warrants Offered (pursuant to $1
870
000 received)

250
000 $0.40 Units and at $0.65 per common share as to 3
425
000 $0.40 Units
 all expiring three years from date of purchase
        


        

664
        


        
        
        


        

167
        


        
        
        


        

566
        


        

166 was to settle amounts owing at December 31
 2011 and $135
400 was for services owing for the year ended December 31
 2012. Each $0.30 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one common share at $0.45 for a period of five years. Each $0.40 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one common share at $0.65 for a period of three years;
        


        

000
        


        

600
        


        

000 cases sold milestone provided therein
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

030

114



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

030

114




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U
M.&(V



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F,U]B,#4T7S0P.#)?.#,V,%\V
M9#(U.&(V,#EB9#$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
M
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='


T0B5V]R:W-H





M9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H




O4VAE















5]4



\+W@Z3F%M


O4VAE970R



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970R

M7U)E8V5I=F%B;&5?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


O4VAE970R-2YH








T0B5V]R


T0B5V]R

5]$971A:6QS/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H


M
#I.86UE/E!R;W!E













O4VAE970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7
#I.86UE/@T*(`@

O4VAE970T
M



#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T-#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z

M+U-H965T-#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@









M968]



M;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-
M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F,U]B,#4T7S0P.#)?.#,V,%\V
M9#(U.&(V,#EB9#$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
M
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T

O
M4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$R/&)R

C`Q
M

]





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/E!U;'-E



3PO=&0^

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P



]





BTS


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27,@16YT:71Y(&$@5V5L;UK;F]W;B!396%S;VYE

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT87)Y($9I;&5R/SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]
T1T97AT/EEE

]
T1T97AT

]






]


C@P


M






M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB

O4VAE970P
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]


T1T;W`^0V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C(P
M


2PS

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]

M='


]









]
T1T

]

M;7`^
3@X+#`S


]


P




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C(T+#
T





]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='






]

]
T1N=6UP/C
T-RPU





#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@
M875T:&]R:7IE9P@)#`N


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+`Q
#`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T
M:&]R:7IE9P@)#`N
#`P

2PT
#(@86YD(#
Q
M+#`Q

]
T1R




RPU-#




T1T




M
RPQ.3
L


BPT


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPV

U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
M
%\V9#(U.&(V



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P



T1T;W`^


]




#`L

3`P+#`P


]



S$L



]


]
T1N=6UP/C
Q+#`Q











]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L
M(#(P






]

]
M



@4')O9FET/]T9#X-B`@


C@L
S



]




T1T;W`^1G)E

]
T1N=6UP/C(T.2PR
M-#



]




\+W1D/@T*



]


]


RPW
M.#DL-3


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T($]P97)A=&EN9R!,;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@




]


T1T;W`^07-S970@:6UP86ER;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@

#`I/'-P86X^







]




;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#




T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@


S0L-S8R+#`P
#QS



M87)T7V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D
0T*0V]N





]

M

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\








L




@86YD(&]P=&EO;G
@:7-S






M/BA);F-R96%S92D@:6X@86-C;W5N='

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R,2PS,#(I/'-P86X^/]S


]


]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X
RPT



]



]



]



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS






]

3(V+#0R

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C8L
3$S

]


]
T1N=6T^*#@Y+#`T

]




]





]


C`L



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!T:&4@



2PU-#4L
#`P/'-P86X^

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C$Q+#8Q



T1T;W`^


]

]
M






]


]







]





38W+#$V

]

L(&1E8G0@86YD('!R97!A
M:60@97AP96YS97








#




M-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D






]



@17%U:71Y



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M.2PP



I
M(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]


]

]
T1P



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]



T1T;W`^




S



]
M


RPR.#`L
#`P/'-P86X^




M97



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







M;7`^




]
T1R93X-



]


#`L
M



2PP
M
#`L






M;7`^
3(P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

I/]T9#X-B`@





]


^#0H@(`@(`@

N(#

BPT

M;B!3:&%R97
I(&%T($1E8RX@
S$L(#(P









S`@+2`R

M;G















]
M




I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]

]


]
T1R

M:&%R97

#`P





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C0L

]



M86QI9VX]


]




N(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPX

Y/'-P




]

M-#`L-S`Q+#0P


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
M
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V




M97%U:78]


]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M3F%T=7)E(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G



]













M-2P@
C`Q

M=&EO;B`H)B

M
C`Q
2!$87)L:6YG=&]N)B

30X.RX@5&AE

M9&ES=')I8G5T97
@0V%B86YA)B
Q-3
[(#$P
4@3F%T=7)A;!
96UO;F%D
M92!A;F0@4%5

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R
M.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$














38P.SPO=&0^

T0P(&-E


M.B`Q





M:6XG/B8C




@;W1H


@;V8@=VAI8V@@
M9F]R;2!T:&4@8F%S:7
@9F]R(&UA:VEN9R!J=61G;65N='
@86)O=70@=&AE

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N



T0G


T0P

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P




N/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L






M=&%B;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@




@9FEN86YC:6%L(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('1O

M;6%T960@86YD(')E8V]R9&5D+!W:&EC:!R961U8V5S('1H92!R96-O9VYI


Q-#8[(&]U='-T86YD:6YG

@86YY(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C
M;W5N='
N(%=E(')E8V]R9'


M:79A8FQE(&AA=F4@9F%I;&5D+!T:&4@86-C;W5N=!R96-E:79A8FQE(&ES

M86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='

T0P(&-E;&QS


M





M/3-$

#`E)SX-


M;R!M86YU9F%C='5R92!T:&4@:6YV96YT;W)Y(&]R('1H92!C=7)R96YT(&5S






@=&AA=!C;W5L9!A

@:6YC;'5D92!U;F%N=&EC
M:7!A=&5D(&-H86YG97

L(&=E;F5R

@;V8@861V









T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M
'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M:61T:#H@




@

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M.B`Q
'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R!4;W!I8R`S-C`M
M
3`M

@

M(&-H86YG97





@87)E


M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R




3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);G1A;F=I8FQE

M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

M;&4]





@86YD(&]F('1R861E
M;6%R:W


4T4Z($YU=')I
M=&EO;B!-861E(%-I;7!L928C





M:7



M/@T*#0H\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF
M(S$V

@9F%I



@:7


M;W)M960@9F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!T
M:&4@97-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1R861E;6%R:W
@86YD(&]T


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P




M9GDG/E)E=F5N=64@4F5C;V=N:71I;VX\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/CQB


M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN
M)SXF(S$V

30W.U-!0B8C
30X
M.RD@3F\N(#$P
2P@4F5V96YU92!296-O9VYI=&EO;B!I;B!&:6YA;F-I86P@


M;V=N:7IE(')E=F5N=64@=VAE;B!P97)S=6%S:79E(&5V:61E;F-E(&]F(&%N








M/@T*#0H\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y)SY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X\+W1R






T0G



M86)L97

M86P@97AP97)I96YC92!A;F0@87-S97-S;65N=!O9B!T:&4@9V5N97)A;!F




Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R

T0P


M9'1H.B`Q





M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M<W1I9GDG/E=E(&-O;7!L:65S('=I=&@@=&AE('!R;W9I<VEO;G,@;V8@05-#
M(#@R,P@/&D^)B

@86YD($1I


30X.RDL('=H
M:6-H(&1E9FEN97



M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@









M;W5N='




!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



M







T0G

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!C




@;W(@8F5N
M969I='



M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





M8FEL:71I97



T0P


M9'1H.B`Q



M8F]R9&5R/3-$


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M97-T;65N='


L('-U8V@@:6YV97-T;65N='
@;6%Y(&)E(&EN(&5X8V5S

M(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


M/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@






2P@
C`Q
B!T:&5R92!W87
@




!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M;&4]






@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&EN(&%C
M8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@-S$X+`F(S$T-SM3=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS871I
M;VXF(S$T.#L@*8C,30W.T%30R`W,3@F(S$T.#LI+B!3=&]C:RUB87-E9!P




T0P


M9'1H.B`Q


M='


M='

M='

M9W)A;G1S(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE('9A;'5E(&]F



T0P

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P









@86YD(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE97
L(&%N9#PO

T0G9F]N

M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

M





30X



@87



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P




M;&4]

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M


M)B


@
M:7-S=65D('5P;VX@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@86YD

Q+`R
M,#$R(&%N9`R


Q
M+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


M

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M96-E;G0@4')O;F]U;F-E;65N='

M/@T*#0H\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF
M(S$V

M8R`S-3`I.B!497-T:6YG($EN9&5F:6YI=&4M3&EV960@26YT86YG:6)L92!!


M='=O+7-T97`@9V]O9'=I;&P@:6UP86ER;65N=!M;V1E;!T:&%T(&ES(&-U







@;W!T:6]N86PL(&%L;&]W:6YG


#$R+3`R(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@=7
@

M:6YG($]C=&]B97(@
2P@
C`Q

M:7

M
C`Q
BTP



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$P


@86YY(&YE=R!A8V-O=6YT



M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='




CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?
M-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(Y
M8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$5




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@



'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@8V]N<VES=!O
M9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#

T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M
'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V

M:61T:#H@


M=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/C(P
M











M8F]T=&]M)SXR
#(L



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)SXR
2PS
#(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXU
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;&4]


38P






M;W1T;VTG/B8C







M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L





38P.SPO=&0^


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXR,#(L-S4U/]T


M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXR,2PS,#(\+W1D/@T*(`@

CDU9C-?8C`U
M-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5
13X-B`@(`@

3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P





]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@






M/3-$

#`E)SX-






M:60G/B8C


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O


C`Q


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A

M


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXQ,#<L-34Y/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=&5X






M.B!B;W1T;VTG/C
L



M1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C1D9&
M1D9&)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T


M(S$V

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXS


M(S$V

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXR-C`L

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O
M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O





M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C1D9&1D9&
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M)B


W
PY-C@\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*#0H-CQP


U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
M
%\V9#(U.&(V




CX\


]


;V%N(%)E8V5I=F%B;&4@+2!296QA=&5D('!A

M9&5R/3-$


T1N


M(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
M





M;&]P;65N=!);F,N+`H)B


#`L



38L(#(P
M

@;&]A;B!O;B!A(&UO
M;G1H;'D@8F%S:7
@870@)#$L


3DS+#$Q-!O9B!W:&EC:`D-2PP.#0@
M:7

M='

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

E\X
S8P7S9D
M
C4X8C8P.6)D






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M='


]
M






M/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@


M.&EN)SXR


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V
#L\

M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XQ:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
M,XX:6XG/C(P




M;F0@=V%R96AO=7-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@;6]L9',\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



PW-SD\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



PP,#`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C




38P.SPO

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=!A;F0@8V]M



M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXR.2PU-S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ



M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC

3(U+#`P

M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

3(U+#`P



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED)SY
97-S.B!D97!R96-I871I;VX\

M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

V

M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P.SPO






M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XQ:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@
!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W
M:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/C(P




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M=&EO;G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)B







3$R+#$S.3PO=&0^#0H@


T0G



'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXQ,C4L,#`P/]T


M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I


M;VTG/B8C

PQ-C`\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q




T0G8F%C:V=R







M969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^
M#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM





!S;VQI9#L@=&5X



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


M;W1T;VTG/B8C


Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@

2PP
S$L

M


'0O:'1M;#L@





3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@86YD($%C8W)U86QS(%M!


M

;V%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN




M

#`L
#`P('=A




M;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!*86YU87)Y(#,Q+`R
#$Q(&$@;&]A;B!O9B`D
M
S8L



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P
M


M:69Y)SY/;B!*=6QY(#$W+`R,#$R('=E(')E8V5I=F5D(0R-3`L
#`P('!U















]





]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B
M;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

M;&4]


XU:6XG/C@N/]T9#X-B`@(`\




!S='EL93TS1=F






M;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

'!T.R!W
M:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M


M




M($9E8G)U87)Y(#0L(#(P



34L(#(P


M9&5R(#(V+#8V



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P
M

'0M

RPR.#`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@:&%V:6YG(&$@

2PV
3@L

#`L
#`P


CDL(#(P

C`Q
2!W92!R



C`Q

2PP
#`L
#`P

XU,!5;FET)B
Q





M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@








2PP
C4L

M=&%B;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@



M;&4]


R+#0P




M;V0@96YD:6YG($IU;F4@
34L(#(P
3

C`Q
M

3`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@:&%V:6YG(&$@9F%I




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@





M:#H@


M=&%B;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@



M;&4]




M9&5R960@9G)O;2!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
3(@=&\@2G5N92`S



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P






T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M
'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M:61T:#H@


XU:6XG/F@I/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@



M960@82!T;W1A;!O9B`R+#@U-BPV-C8@)#`N,S`@56YI=',N($5A8V@@)#`N
M,S`@56YI=!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@;VYE(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R92!A;F0@;VYE


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@





M:#H@





C4P+#`P
`D,XT



M)B


M+C



2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@)#$S-2PT


S$L(#(P
3(N
M($5A8V@@)#`N






M;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/FES<W5E9!A('1O=&%L(&]F(#@Q


M=X@02!T;W1A;!O9B`D-BPU-SD@=V%S('1O('-E='1L92!A8V-R=65D(&%M
M;W5N='

S$L(#(P

@=&\@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`Q
M

M/3-$


T1N;W=R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SYL*3PO


S4W+#
P


S




M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M

C`Q

M;G0@=&\@=&AE(#(P



@86YD('-E;FEO










]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/E!R



38P.SPO

M96QD(&]N($IU;'D@
CDL(#(P





M=&EO;G


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V
#EB9#$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]




]



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#`N-6EN)SXQ
X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
3`P




M9GDG/D%S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R


CDU
M9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X
M8C8P.6)D



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
13X-



]
M












M


C`Q
2!0;&%N(BD@=6YD

M;W1A;!O9B`T+#4P,PP







38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG/D]N($%P
M<FEL(#(W+`R

M;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!A=V%R9'






M82!M87AI;75M(&]F(#(L-#`P+#`P

C@L(#(P
3(@=V4@:&%D('-O;&0@
C`P+#`P
M

M1&5C96UB97(@
C$L(#(P
3(L(#0X

M=&EO;BX@07
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


RPP
M




3!P=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$P



@=&\@

RPQ
#`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97


S`L(#(P

M=&]T86P@;V8@

M97(@




3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M)SY/;B!*=6QY(#

#`@8V]M;6]N('-H

!P97(@8V]M;6]N('-H87)E(&]N(&]R(&)E9F]R92!*
M=6QY(#,P+`R
#$W+B!!('1O=&%L(#(U)2!V97-T960@:6UM961I871E;'D@

M(#
Q+`R,#$S+!*=6QY(#
P+`R,#$S(&%N9!*86YU87)Y(#

T0G


2P@
C`Q




M86QU97



S(&%S('1O(#$P



M
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P





M93H@
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P
4G/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XX:6XG/C(P,3(\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XR:6XG/B8C

M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XQ:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N.&EN)SXR

M=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V

T0G



M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C






Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y2
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V

M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V




M/B8C







M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T

M






3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


@=&AE(&-O;G1I;G5I='D@;V8@;W5R('-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
6EN
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
M

M(\^4')I8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XR:6XG/B8C
M


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N.&EN)SY796EG:'1E

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N,FEN)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\


M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

'0M86QI




M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E
M;G1E<CL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;2<^)8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V



Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R


M.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM



38P

2P@
C`Q
M

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S





M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



34P.SPO



Q-3`[/]T9#X-B`@


Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@







38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V


'0M

38P.SPO




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT

Q-C`[

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



38P.SPO=&0^





Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M

M)B



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
M


'0M86QI

38P.SPO=&0^





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXS+#(P
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/C`N-3`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M

M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



BPP
#`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@





G!X('-O;&ED

M)B

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

#L\+W1D


M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA



M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\




Q+`R,#$R/]T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R



M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N




M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



M93H@
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P



M;&4]

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@





Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q


M;&4]

M8V]L;W(Z(-%-D5&1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B`C1D9&1D9&)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y.;VXM=F5S
M=&5D(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M/B8C

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V



M;VTG/B8C


T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS





M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M



M.B!B;W1T;VTG/B@Q+#4W-2PP

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T

38P.SPO=&0^

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R





38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@


2P@
C`Q
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/C$L-C(U+#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T

Q

M


M('=I9'1H.B`Q




N/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T

M7V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D
0T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


\+W1D/CPO='(^


M:6=N.B!T;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M1'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R('=E(')E8V5I=F5D(0T+#@X-2`H,C`Q,2`M(0R

2D@87




M:6XG/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU<W1I9GDG/D]N($UA<F-H(#$U+`R

M(#

@9F]R(&$@9F5E


@;V8@)#(U
M+#@S



M
S@Y(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

M92!O9B`D

#$U('1O($1E8V5M


M+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q+U=O

O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

]





]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

'!T.R!W
M:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M


M(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@
M







M(&]N(&5N86-T960@=&%X(&QA=W






@=&AE('1A


M=&%B;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@









MB`@(`\=&0^)B


38P.SPO


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





M;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN
M)SXF(S$V

!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!W:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/C(P

M(#QT9#XF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\



#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V



MB`@(`\=&0^)B



M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXH,S0E/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXI/]T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O





Q


M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT












M9VYI9FEC86YT(&-O;7!O;F5N='

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@






Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XU:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XQ:6XG
M/B8C
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XX:6XG/C(P,3(\+W1D/@T*(`@





M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N.&EN)SXR

M


T0G8F%C:V=R

Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B










Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V


M+#DU



C8Y+#
P
#PO

M;&4]

MB`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[07-S970@

#L\+W1D/@T*


M



M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V


M;VTG/B8C




Q


M)B



M.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA

38P.SPO




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)SXF(S$V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L
M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)B

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C1D9&1D9&
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X\8G(@

M)B



M*#(L



M





L('=H








@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@9F]R('1H92!Y



M93H@
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

30V.W




@8F5G:6YN:6YG($]C=&]B97(@
2P@


@8F5G:6YN:6YG($]C=&]B97(@
2P@
C`P.2X@5V4@


M+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q+U=O

O4VAE970R


T0G




M/3-$


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#













T0P

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

@
M5&]P:6


M;G!U='
@*$QE=F5L(#

TQ
M,!D969I;F5S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@87
@=&AE('!R:6-E('1H870@=V]U;&0@

M9F5R(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&EN(&%N(&]R9&5R;'D@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@8F5T






M:6XG/B8C




M





M=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\




M:6XG/B8C


M($1E8V5M8F5R(#




Q

M

T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W
M:61T:#H@

M;&4]
T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N,FEN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M=VED=&@Z(#`N
6EN)SXF(S$V


M:61T:#H@


M=&@Z(#`N.&EN)SY

T0G

T0G=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T
M:#H@


M;VTG/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<CL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E





38P.SPO

M;&4]




Q

#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V



Q


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/BT\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
M



S`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/DQI

#L\+W1D/@T*

T0G



M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


M/B8C



Q-C`[


Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L






T0P(&-E;&QS


M

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@









M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M=VED=&@Z(#`N,6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T


M=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V


M;W(Z(-&1D9&1D8G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M(S$V


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

#L\


M



38P.SPO


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A




]
T1T



T1T;W`^



M/3-$

#`E)SX-





3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P



C`Q

30W.U!U;'-E)B
Q-#@[*2X@4'5L








Z/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
M-6EN)SXF(S$V

M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XQ:6XG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



38P.SPO=&0^

!S


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/C$L-C$X+#`R

M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y2


M:7)E9!A;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97,@87-S=6UE9#H\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



38P.SPO=&0^

M

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0V%S:#PO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C




M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXX
34L

Q-C`[

M-D5&1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C
M1D9&1D9&)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@


38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXY-S`L-#@X/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;2<^
M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M&:6YA;F-I
M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M







#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;VTG/B8C

M92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@





M86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92`Q
RPR.#`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@:7-S



M/5].97AT4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V
#EB







]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




T1T;W`^4W5B

]
T1T97AT
M/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@







Q-C`[


M='










M;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


M87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
2!;V%R9!-96UB97)S(&%N9!A(&1I<F5C=&]R(&)Y(&ES

S




M:6XG/B8C

M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/F

RPW.#
@8V]M;6]N







M;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

'!T.R!W
M:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M


M



#$S('1O($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
3
[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T





M;VT@9&%T92!O9B!P=7)C:&%S92X@26X@861D:71I;VX@=V4@:7-S=65D(#$P
M

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y

O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]








M
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!M861E('1O(&UA:V4@
C`Q

M=&\@
C`Q



M


T1N;W=R87`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



!S='EL93TS1=F





M:6YC:7!L97

@=7

@86YD(&%S





@86YD(&%S
















M:6XG/B8C



M
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P


M;W5N='



M


T0P('-T

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M=6%T92!T:&4@8V]L;&5C=&%B:6QI='D@;V8@;W5R('1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S



30V.W
@:6YA8FEL:71Y('1O(&UE970@:71S(&9I


@8W5S=&]M97(@







]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@


M/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@








M9'5C='
@8V%N(&9L=6-T=6%T92!S:6=N:69I8V%N=&QY+B!&86-T;W)S('1H









M93H@
3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P







M:6]N+B!$97!R96-I871I;VX@:7

@;V8@

]




3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P



M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G


XU:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D





V



@:6YD:6-A=&4@=&AA










2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q

M:7IE9!A;B!I;7!A:7)M96YT(&]F(0T.#
L
C`X(&%N9`D.#`L,#`P+!R



M07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



38P.SPO=&0^

M:7`@;V8@0V%B86YA)B
Q-3




T1T;W`^

M)B


M/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@







3`T+B!792!R






@=&\@8W5S=&]M97)S



M96AA;&8N($EN('-U8V@@8V%S97











3!P
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U





M(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='




M;F-E(&-H86YG97


M=&5N+6]F9B!A9V%I;G-T('1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4N(%1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@







3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$P


M0R`X
C`L(#QI/B8C

30W.T%30R`X
C`F(S$T.#LI+!W
M:&EC:!D969I;F5S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64L(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5S(&$@9G)A;65W





M=6UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M

3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P





]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

'!T
M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:#H@


M;&4^/&)R(\^#0H-CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M

'!T.R!W
M:61T:#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M



@-S0P+3$P(&9O

M4T

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97


'!E8W1E9!T;R!B92!R96%L:7IE9!O<B!S971T;&5D


M='

@=VEL





M


T1N;W=R87`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M=&%X97




@87)E(&-L87-S
M:69I960@87


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S









3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P
M


M:69Y)SY&:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@86YD(')E;&%T960@:71E;7
L
M('=H:6-H('!O=&5N=&EA;&QY('-U8FIE8W0@=7
@=&\@8V]N8V5N=')A=&EO
M;G





M1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

M07

M;&%N8V4@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(#$P)2!O9B!T:&4@86-C;W5N='

M86)L92!T;W1A;&EN9R`R.24@;V8@86-C;W5N='


@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(#$P)2!O9B!N








M)B


@-S$X+`F(S$T-SM3
M=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS871I;VXF(S$T.#L@*8C
30W.T%30R`W
3@F(S$T.#LI



@8F%S960@







M/@T*(`@(#QT9!N;W=R87`]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N
M-6EN)SXF(S$V

@=71I;&EZ:6YG('1H





M1&EL=71E9!.970@26YC;VUE(A


M1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




M/B8C




Q-#@[*2!A;F0@9&EL


M=F4@969F96-T(&EF(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W87
@:7-S=65D('5P;VX@=&AE
M(&5X97)C:7-E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

M=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q


T1T;W`^4F5C96YT(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M


T1N;W=R87`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY);B!*=6QY(#(P
M

C`Q
BTP
BP@(DEN=&%N9VEB;&5S
M)B

3(M




M=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@:7





M:6YT97)I;2!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S970@:6UP


M8F]R9&5R/3-$


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*













#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



]


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/C(P
3(\8G(@+SXD

M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XR:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA






M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M
#(L



M.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

2PS
#(\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@




M=&]M)SXU
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
!S;VQI

!S




M




MB`@(`\=&0^)B




T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT







Q-C`[

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXR,#(L-S4U/]T9#X-B`@(`\


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T

CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S
M-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


3(@36]N=&AS

S$L(#(P





]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L92!B;W)D97(]
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

'!T.R!W:61T
M:#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/C(P
3(\8G(@+SXD

M8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XR:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA








#PO=&0^




M.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C



M



T0G8F%C:V=R

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

S`W+#DU-SPO=&0^#0H@
!S;VQI

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM


M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C


M;VTG/B8C



W


M;VTG/B8C










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?
M.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\



M=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P

M9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
!S;VQI9#L@

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

C`Q
M

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M=VED=&@Z(#`N
6EN)SXF(S$V


M/B8C

M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I


T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXU.3`L,#`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




M/C$R


T0G=&5X

M
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^
M#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/DUO8FEL92!D:7-P;&%Y
M('5N:70\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/C$R-2PP
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\

M;&4]



M/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED

M)B







T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM


M)B

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

!S;VQI


]



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P
4G/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XU:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D


!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XR:6XG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
!S

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


C`Q


M1D9&)SXF(S$V




M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


M


M;W1T;VTG/B8C

#L\+W1D


M/B8C



38P

C4L




38P.SPO=&0^

C4L

M)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXU,PQ-C`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SXF(S$V



38P




S$L



M;W1T;VTG/B8C

2PW-3`\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC



M







M.B!B;W1T;VTG/C$L


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T

Q

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
M
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D




M:G


M9#TS1$E$



]

@


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M1=W:61T:#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/C(P
3(\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG
M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XR:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N.&EN)SXR,#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M


38P






M=&]M)SXF(S$V






XR-R4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C



T0G


M(S$V


M;W1T;VTG/B8C

#L\+W1D

M





38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXU+C`P/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;2<^
M)B



M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\



]



3!P=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P
4G/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XU:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C




M(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
M,6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N



Q-C`[



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XX:6XG/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XQ:6XG/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q

M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXD)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\





M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D
M/B8C



38P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)SXF(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E


M=&]M)SXF(S$V



T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$U,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P







38P.SPO

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SXF(S$V



38P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M)SXF(S$V




!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA

38P.SPO


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)SXF(S$V


T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T
M=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO







38P.SPO=&0^

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V


'0M

38P.SPO

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y/=71S=&%N9&EN9RP@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L
M(#(P,3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


M.B!B;W1T;VTG/C
L
C`P+#`P

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V




R+#`P
#PO=&0^


M8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

Q

T0G8F]R9&5R

G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R


#L\+W1D/@T*

M(S$V

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X

S$L(#(P
3(\+W1D/@T*

M)SXF(S$V

#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M;VTG/B8C


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
!S;VQI


M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/C0N


M












Q-C`[



\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@

M(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XQ:6XG
M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE

Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y.;VXM=F5S=&5D(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$U
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
M


'0M86QI

38P.SPO=&0^




M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX-

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M)SXF(S$V



T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXP+C,W/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@




M-2PP



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXP+C,W/]T

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X


M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\



2P@
C`Q


M+#`P

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
G!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V
#EB9#$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO







M=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@







Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
XU:6XG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([('9E

C`Q
CPO=&0^
!S

M(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XQ:6XG
M/B8C
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XX:6XG/C(P,3$\+W1D/@T*(`@



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T

Q

M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R


M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED)SY
97-S


M


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L

T)3PO=&0^
!S



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M

M;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXP(4\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M






]

@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\=&%B;&4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SY$96-E;6)E

2P\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\



T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

C`Q
CPO

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@,XQ
M:6XG/B8C
!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@




M1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C1D9&1D9&)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M3=&]C:R!B87-E
M9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXQ+#(Q-RPW
3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V


M.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C







M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M-CDL



#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M

T0G=&5X
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXT.#,L,C`Y/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXX,PP
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M(`@/'1D/B8C



!S;VQI


M8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA





M:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC


M/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX-

Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


M=&]M)SXF(S$V



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V



'0M


M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#Y
97-S('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

BPU-CDL


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

X.2PT.#
\+W1D/@T*





'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]

]
T1T

]

M


M('=I9'1H.B`Q

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N,6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT



M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!W:61T:#H@
XR:6XG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@






\8G(@+SXD/]T9#X-B`@

M9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V


M(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^


T0G
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA
M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V

T0G8F%C:V=R


M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M)SXF(S$V


M;W1T;VTG/B8C

#L\+W1D


M/B8C


T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@
M8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C

M9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


Q-C`[



M=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO







]






M


M('=I9'1H.B`Q




M(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#`N
FEN)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T5Q

3
L
C@P+#`P


M;W1T;VTG/B8C


Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/B8C



M:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\
M='(^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


T0G

M(-%-D5&1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B`C1D9&1D9&)SXF(S$V

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T

M;&4]

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M&:6YA
M;F-I86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


38W


T0G8F%C:V=R

Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[5&]T86P@:61E;G1I9FEA8FQE



M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SXQ+#8Q.PP
C`\


M+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q+U=O

O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


@=&\@1FEN86YC:6%L(%-T871E
M;65N='

]
T1T97AT

]


2PS





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S



Z($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N
M='

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P

]


2PS


M
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D






]

T1)1#!%
T5!0SX-B`@(`@(#QT

M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]



T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C(V


]





U]B
M
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V

M;G0]

^#0H@



M

S$L(#(P

M86)L97


#`I/'-P




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&QO;B!087EM96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




M


CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S
M-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V(Y8C(Y-68S7V(P-31?-#`X
E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4R24%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



]








]
T1N=6UP/C$R


M
C`L


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#4W



T1T;W`^36]B:6QE

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$R-2PP



]


]




U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V
M9#(U.&(V






]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P












T1T


]

C
L-C



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@



2PR


E\X
S8P
M7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D






]




M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M


M(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2F%N+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]

M;B!



V+#`Q

]

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
M

]


]



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
M
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V

M=#



M97%U:78]


]




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M




]


#`\



]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#(X

]
T1R;SX-





]

]











]



]


]
T1R93X-

I/]T9#X-B`@







]






BPT





@


34L(#(P
3




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P


]


]



]

Q+`R,#$Q
M+`D


M92!Y96%R(&%N9`D.PQ

M($IU;F4@
34L(#(P
3




3$V

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]

M97




]
T1N=6UP/C
U-RPS




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


S0X+#DV-R!W87

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y4:&ES(&%M;W5N=!W87



M=6%N=!T;R`D,3(P+#`P,!R96-E:79E9D\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C0P



]

C`L




M;R`D
3(P+#`P







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



]
T1T97AT/E5N:70@



]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L



M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(#$L
C4P+#`P
`D,XT




M9!3:&%R97,@870@,XS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E5N:70@4')I8V4@870@





M=6QT:6YG(&9E97


M86QI9VX]

@*&%D=FES;W)Y(&%N





]
T1T97AT/D$@=&]T86P@;V8@)#(Y
M+#$V-B!W87


M
S$L(#(P






M26YC96YT:79E(%!L86XI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M











M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V
M9#(U.&(V


T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M*$1E=&%I;'






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P
M



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


M:71I97

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PQ




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R

O4VAE970T


M(&-O;G1E;G0]

M04




T1T;W`^


]

]
T1T

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N







I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#`N



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U
M.&(V








T1T;W`^3W5S=&%N9&EN9SPO



RPR
#`L
#`P



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0N



BPP



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M
C`P+#`P


M9VX]










M



]


]

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S

O4VAE970T
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





RPR
#`L





]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F($]P=&EO;G


M1W)A;G0@1&%T92!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C(U+#`P



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
M
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V




M97%U:78]


]




@*$1E
M=&%I;'




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]









#`L





]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPX
M




M4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]

S0N
#`E/'-P86X^

S0N
#`E




]
T1N=6T^*#



]



M;&4Z+R\O0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T
#@R7S@S-C!?-F0R-3AB-C`Y8F0Q

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PR



]

C8Y+#
P


]




]




C$I/'-P86X^

S@Y+#0X
M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T
M7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U.&(V



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]




@8V%R

M+#`P



]

M3&EA8FEL:71I97


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P


]
M

]

]
T1R:#X-

]


T1T;W`^3F]T92!R96-E:79A

#
P/'-P

3DS

]





]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]B.6(R.35F
U]B
#4T7S0P.#)?.#
V
%\V9#(U
M.&(V



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO




]
M

]


]

RPR.#`L
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@Q-2PP
M



T1T;W`^1FEN86YC:6%L(&QI86)I


]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]B.6(R.35F,U]B,#4T7S0P.#)?
M.#,V,%\V9#(U.&(V,#EB9#$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO8CEB
CDU9C-?8C`U-%\T

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


]




XT,!5;FET(&]F9F5R:6YG*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M



M


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

E\X
S8P7S9D
M
C4X8C8P.6)D



M965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*/]X;6P^#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE

E\X
S8P7S9D
C4X8C8P.6)D
2TM

 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LoanToCompanyControlledByOurChiefOfProductDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PrincipalRepaymentToCompanyControlledByOurChiefOfProductDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_InterestToCompanyControlledByOurChiefOfProductDevelopment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LessValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_TradeAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcess'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_ExpectedOptionLifeInYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_StockBasedCompensationIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_NetOperatingLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_NetDeferredTaxAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_LessValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockDividendsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedAndRetiredDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForAssetAcquisition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForAssetAcquisitionShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt1.00PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt1.00PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAt0.60PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAt0.60PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AccountsPayableSettledWith0.50Units'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AccountsPayableSettledWith0.50UnitsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SubscriptionsForCashAt0.30PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SubscriptionsForCashAt0.30PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedAt0.302011Subscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedAt0.302011SubscriptionsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.30PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.30PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.40PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.40PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAt0.44PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesAt0.44PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForIncentivesAt0.52PerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForIncentivesAt0.52PerShareShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_ShareIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_StockbasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_FormulationsAndManufacturingMethods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTrademarksGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SidePanelStatementRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_Website'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_ForgivenLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_GainOnLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BridgeLoan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_BridgeLoanInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_NotesToFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_AccountsReceivableTableTextBlock'

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentOwnedAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

500
000 shares of common stock. Further
 the 2011 Plan authorizes our Board of Directors to grant options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock awards and stock appreciation rights as compensation for services rendered.



    

 2012 we granted performance equity compensation awards to certain officers
 directors and consultants (the &#147;Performance Equity Recipients&#148;). We are to issue 600
000 shares to Performance Equity Recipients on the basis of 480
000 common shares for each 200
000 cases of any of our products sold to a maximum of 2
400
000 common shares issuable. As at September 28
 2012 we had sold 200
000 cases of product and thus
 our Performance Equity Recipients earned
 and were issued on December 21
 2012
 480
000 common shares having a fair value of $249
600. This amount was charged to operations as share based compensation. As of December 31
 2012 the Performance Equity Recipients have earned a further 93
000 common shares having a fair value of $51
083 which has been recorded as accrued expenses as at December 31
 2012.



    

 2012 we granted stock options under the 2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 3
100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before April 30
 2017. A total of 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vested on October 31
 2012 with a further 25% vesting on each of April 30
 2013 and October 31
 2013.



    

 2012 we granted a stock option to a consultant to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before July 30
 2017. A total 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on each of January 31
 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31
 2014.



    

 2012
 we recorded stock-based compensation of $914
036.



    

 2012 was $0.37 per share as to 3
100
000 stock options and $0.33 as to 100
000 stock options.



    

 2012 and 2011 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
 December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
 December 31

    

200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 December 31

    

575

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



    

 2012
 and changes during the year ended December 31
 2012 is presented below:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

200

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

575

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

625

    
    
    
    



    

 2012
 there was $273
811 of unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock option agreements expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 0.56 years.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

839
000


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

280
268
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    

 2010
 we loaned $200
000 to a company controlled by our Chief of Product Development (See Note 5). During the year we received $4
885 (2011 - $2
761) as a principal repayment and $7
831 of interest (2011 - $5
417).



    

 2011
 we entered into a Director&#146;s Agreement with a director. The director&#146;s Agreement has a term of one year and is cancellable at any time with a 30-day written notice and provides for a fee of $5
000 per quarter. During the year the director elected to convert unpaid fees of $25
833
 including $5
833 owing from 2011
 into 47
222 $0.30 Units and 29
167 $0.40 Units. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire 76
389 common shares at an average exercise price of $0.53 expiring January 25
 2015 to December 21
 2015.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


Revenue
 net

295
840

418


        

540
668

079


        

172

339


        
        
        


Advertising
 samples and displays

289

417


        

243

103


        

294

898


        

857

742


        

217
719
        


Shareholder
 broker and investor relations

130

806


        

789
532

966


        

505
783

758


        
        
        


        

209)

000)


        

971

018


Interest income
 net

814

851


        

423)

131)


        

505
783)

758)


        
        
        


        

762
000

834
000




        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 additional borrowings
 forgiveness and repayments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash and cash equivalents
 and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends
 (b) interest on securities
 (c) net gains or losses on securities
 (d) unusual costs
 (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions
 and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an entity's earning process). For financial services companies
 also includes investment and interest income
 and sales and trading gains.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        

    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

104

    
    

031

    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    

 2010 between us and Catalyst Development Inc.
 (&#147;Catalyst&#148;) a company owned by our Chief of Product Development
 we loaned $200
000 to Catalyst. The loan bears interest at a rate of 4% per annum
 is amortized over 25 years and matures on May 16
 2016 with a balloon payment due in the amount of $174
000. Catalyst repays this loan on a monthly basis at $1
055 principal and interest. As of December 31
 2012
 the remaining principal balance due is $193
114 of which $5
084 is current and included in Other Current Assets.





        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001472375-13-000075-xbrl.zip

#$R
3(S
2YX



MQVZ\6/ZZ_-UU\

1-IM9PO

MH]



MH)[RLOU&/L&]9.W#XA=*HB1DD^)7(?TSH?YX49P-WR*'O[E/48Z:\`(T89_Y
M0YD$U*



M
JU-9D*@CU(*A0;XEB^3

2?W6A






8QH'#



DO.\7!:7Z
M6NW:L4]T_VR_2W&KW].'LM)C?[5'IAEJ

M47KP`3ONS&H6'D3W81M0&Q%U-R@NO;_P'8$1:WV`NHN0&M!K5-@14')&D*



^UVZ7HEJD6?%\C'

M%3ZZ7A*O)0VU9


MP
F:+WH$_L)#B6$6F+I[/YK0+D
HA@G73-O)D0FFF4/#:TP

%7Y'Y7:*W?$U
ME1B

M

MY

M_#'ZUC$$++9!0XCFF)!K\MN)ZI


M7O/8@KR-;MM&242M05TT\L:!S3(5




M#92KR44VK




MC,IJ;DXO[GQO7QJR-^AH4B\(53=E=$,45,^A*PB-T3:$\:&5V$I!XXO:WI

M88#N$.50]


MGOI._S
;&HRTC$W360.PY7ZX=E`;S#T*H]E./.4WZ/4MG]K64.42GPWX3BNH






MS2G(NE3;

MOM`+MJT4!
Z1%7:Q]A^[Y(J8L!504S;Z.4


ZCVY\#V7GH?N`O%T&B

MI&_`]VWB153Z0-.7&D&A5#!8GY

M%87*GIYFA49T3&905GJ$$MYB$.!KQ*0(')OKN
#3FDC
#9'D0

0T3QQVF``?FD`*+3VFZ6P[;


=13Z
MCY.JM!*KE
OUZ/`[._RO=.R1*&)9M9[%&E7D5X)D@
I7!-M)%T3Q[045/T
M?.ZP*G.R!\T=
MJ^JY[Q%+5C[!+S
([D?_TEVDF`'

/
M'5R+3I

M[]$TO\+3\=E8+[XGL40F$SJ.68X%4(.0-9[9(P`F[X5M7CKC
C:0TG2W'Q




3P
+4N
M[`M\!4I$X5O:.-]9T'BJ36#P2!X)4X8N;R1K%$E%(/7X$0


S:Z7.

]Z@WW`ZX1`9U&=C[(5)UN\05NB

HEQJ-.[RLE@6)F`





RR/Y-


HHQ?5ZZV30=1ZZQ_*[B
DT4R-N+

4PCV%TBDL

M%_%(?#.OP4E46`/
Z=`CX@ZU95^8'O^$-ISQDN&4Z*WVF`2
0N#;A*[NHB






W/
MG).0`

MR/@(QSR

M1)63N86#T2*`3?M%%YGND4'2


M%(G!0Y$*J1SM7))

MT_%GJ..!:HO



&
9?DG
MB&\75G



MI&Z*2&6Y8/Q$F5#81$U^J




MS?)3+2WZQ3C:/

;[&4\Q_:I0&3^CUR9@*[\6\



#8AE
B'(1#)D5







2
N).TN64IK'E0A2L4
U$TCV6;`-PI.
M]Y]FIK45`K\&

[R29!Y;D
M):E
BF2I(M49K7^END[)<G.29BX6&+2L*_^


TR)KS$Q\1)35(@$IR@
87P0
KW



M?%GD_^%1D/2\XE3AIY0R0[R?PHPJ8J5;K

M&

M%&@;LXV9YX*2HCRU@K)R+:ROY[!4!E$O![WWN^\]R
$@)O/X


MM(-S8RKZ^*?[!S5UA^?3\JV&GZ0D-G('6?Z*4D:\H%A0LA[
A9^I0#^BA^?9
M(V-@YG5CHD&52-@`;HZ''6\;T9


9%F1
MKQ



M6DBL7TB@I\?_N5!Q1OBK

M\B6#D-

X_P&E]HI0C0![XL(P5)-COOPCDD8TFS6K
I
X-^;O
M'AD;#M=5'NVM;QS=VK+1.)7Q![JUI6YMR?;2VC+GLM4YY#QO%;W-E-9FFJ5N







4_S9#1NO2
MJGU913B0%;*H`B!]`0CR
Y4:WM0+C\]&5=!B[QDMI[P]5M.WIX33Y%SV$69_
M`F4H&%X
0C^



#Y0)11
MRGXR?EF840K@MV'T48C?BU#4/V_6'B:O_'5^3I7V#DX5W7UL#YW<I`,EUAZ4
MD]4W&FZBUQZ41F^/]J!LJ=K<%DKWGHY0WV[US$Y7FZV3]Q9BHG-U/./U#DHS
M/OH#Z[IBA%$48MSAZ2#^,/Z9N/`




BKFF$IG;

@577B53.F0%W=V#`$J&T[1DVZ:^%PJ@GPH17

B/@)I:NJ#])N3XX5Q$X8^



M=F2H]VXRW[NZV0COM$Q+IR4?%A%-Y:5_L
?82TZH89ECF;V.)MZ#(J)NKKFQ
MKT/$&9^=K\
QNTZ%U'7MZ]@2P7W3:560I0_LZS@=3R3WEZR
;W[=%&295JMM



M]J_-


M$U@(CV@:OD?+\(



H*K`_8/
M+K%(K2&#U4)D]0W`

MJZ6(0AS$/_+J&U
T_W
NDA?^*#_M;7G:C4_N8$SW+UV'0']8IB3`ZWHR@;'B
ML0N@(SSXD/\%6!F



MCD_A/3B




.<$B
X,M//YE@T@U])Z](<JD










;
Y@='Z^-#Y2UUIJ18&%?8K]Q]IFO]\QWE)W


KCM7FP
D`OXONR^AI1);8W$1$[K8NC.C)?(2Q+J6)1@





MOU\^7-*)3$%XF/&!J!


0UQ_\]T_MG\IFJ1!AHMK



:D=!6W;[)UHT<'MB/4W
MEACAE(&6AKYN=*JR.LM5['G_^WW;O-)50Y&K=Z]


IHAM']DTX@-/.XP%7&O





?$H
MP]KW)AX55L!B#_#O@
K2`/AQ*JHF?


+E[*Z:C61\NR-


25.X0U9@-`A'4PX06!I`


@V-H+:S*#T&$B)`M_XL*/H3%83VU
M[H)+#)KXPN.

M/2`4I:!%!8F/_.8Y])]ICZAVT9*U;%



2F?J[SN4

28;Q87

MFE9[AU[BB$)JU\R


ICZ0]XP?,\9XZW&
@0P!(W


/?OFZ[9#%@\A[9(AZ


MP]HZ?$I2H

M(T



MI:$@L_)^J\:


P-
(TP;(VB8C'KL1H_AEC)Z^3_V8&1\8K-9]8K!=T10KY&X]%L!
;P$8-ODIDQ8<DX

++&V538'HDULR+`2MA?P2LPXJ^'
ML%BG7TZRA5HEAU9-:=2\8`N'036;_O+8Z%Q9E*(&&PJ/@UA%T?-PS9=PAM'1
MVL2F36S:Q*9-;-K$IDULVL36R&.I36S:Q*9-;-K$IDULVL2F36QG96(KZ&L
MQ;:Q8#I)'V
0%&\3\^H\377+*WN
GN#G&3.?H
CC]M1*W%B'H33J9NP)M)
M

M=8U1&E$_RC=MTVK99J_5PFC3+

8]
OBX&@N/&#


]F/J

^-#Z`(S^TIEL7F);1=X%E!N@D'0
R)5_*[3I\$4

MB



@(!/`)4-QEXR7B9I$?LH$$I@

1FEOGSK/O0]V
1SL3'4H19GZ*3MEP@U)$8U



Y(6$

5!+Z%?4






-MC(3-IHXGS0D`R1QT3@!IHXK




M

MM=W/L3]VAWS8!0#$K
(1E`*6$9;5BP;%
4`9!+]1/5$`528HV$)0





M8ILC'VG=EK1B%F;A]#3W3EO3T^[T]#&-9!4I-/P:*.\.%^^:K`P475*QHMD5

M\3`8ASX.2F-=8*DR?&$2#IF?Q?^\



8
VIH;&^#[8L2%']C$]<+@'.H#V^`<T0\JE5]
3U@&XZ-
M-QH=A8(]VZA9KQ,5-18AU6Q)LR6-#8V-D\1&*8<ZLHF<]-&\5Z&Y$&ZQH5OX
MCQD&AD:&1H96B[;\\BOF08U
C0RM$RV=*25E7QIN+_SH.E=QSJ=.LB.*1(/





RH8-0C



YMK!(?
7+3SSECX!DRWABCU^Y9L8`+`8*7#+'B/JW=;F%
=[CL_!
M[`6#B%%3
00^D)Y@BDI8
NR!?+LS-3QBN`1N+PM#W`I.GYC&S=AC


MG_\:S_]@]_
/I


M48Z\EIKX8E/U0CMR#

R/2Q1:S
MZ!GTHSBS)**DAVHKHR;;@

S
Y?'O(IP=



F#W#N;7C8Y4.V#`M5=!$KA#YH3
MU
@)_JR5$_0MLIA4U)[;7=

1*1H'2BP


?N\!.W.&*1SK/'\C14

M'L&:Z@6S;5O]UEHX\XD+8-XH


$



*P*H;IW[@2^1/4$^77#X;@4Z??(?[H#:H?]UK










M=@6HDGE/6N\W`8C0*9I.B=ZKC.[]:FA9$C36D=Z.LI'+IP:QGJQCV.=JU=R_

`CK?\G`4\_&=/+HJ:53;0_048E<]-]4+GC1IG.Y+/'_


M+E+E]_)U



MFV


`


Q@6$;@ZR)-V57]'.W%`#Y\_!-2\+L1V^USDBZ@C`@K7@2$D



M/$03'U2B%@:6PHC'8LK48

$!^(

M?6((N'GMW+$FN)961L:%@/069#EXG2CB)*+SKYRFLW8_VEDCK(\].5%R^I



M\(8@;[L!`U$Z`1&9]%QW2F1-^`JDGZH)C8!T.]!Q(
3HGT.BT3AM64=TA$



X5GD
\F
M]$_)1V
[+;/7.XQMN-F8Z%RU3MJD^-&+I[X[4\CQPK@)0Y]%)T2.EFV;5K^G
TK

$!.R#Q7X-


MIZ.NV2W;M#L=K;B^MRW3:=DG:S[Y-)GZX8QA7N
S%J





GIZ.GDZ/@G`U.3D^GD[^\_7JSGD@:SRF/N/GD%%.Q;C4T4T_?/@P2?Z:
M-Q5:/M^'7M['Z22'PSG#7VE#^P*2B'Z,$GA7@8/C1!VMW2!I_9IG#<;LZ_&
MTY/QZ?3H.7)'H#T$_Z4:#`./W)(E8C^_W\YYKYNM%Y%[`K;!*W+D!.L):S&Y


VMNLU#E\6RSNZ\ND2_!D@^
$6X@
_NHF\*A#


!_Y='#@_V[#4-.W5L&1)PIX2ECJ6_<(YP<.
M0PA






D*6R`_4$`EI@
(=PW__T&B.'/W

M?#^Z.V(;35M6;K%VRL5:[UUI4L1%%I_A4YJAP297%-]3C\:4J/KN_ASUB-75


M`+]GS5'6/H.6@_


3V6R'=@-8$4VO@Y@D57H`


T
!R0U2\BDL\X




.*-/8@H
+UX$?E`5K#EMM




MT
XK
.U-2_N


M:-#
M5HAJ&9@\W


M;E&OCNSUD?N7
+4
3+^D+[
&\4%HTD$:Z2PLS1IL)KPMKYF75CGIRJ0X@;



@9H



M5DASG&(PC/O=JLPE$-)AE_IL



C`Q
C$R


*DMGT-^/!_)0Q[Q




9K5U.$
;V/0S7





MWMBDN6XM5=
V




3!



+KL


I6M_Z2/7Z@
MR+`]X!1_I


M4V?Q0_Y8UQ_+KTD-^QPX))\R&$MPF`MMV1FM4

G'KJ_J\%Y%

MJ?\5;%`

-
M$@@Y





Z]:(!B
M/V%:8:(08P4KU3`*CW?W`
5V6L:62EN9N.'*P+V(@&([8SG/%!J!QUQ/0(&]
M+P/;B1H^4T%^/0$%R/BL5#

5TDN:^2\FP
M*V!O


M;ZQOM(4W-E#@C(_==9-[769#T`^YM(&6A7&W%7-Q6BJ+)MH1GZ!T9P
M-^.7

M\3/C@6)TI)7FJ71K!

$$(X
MQL0ESI*WLO2M0@;--?I772Y!R\T


8:



IX#2PNE@TI
&;DVSM6LWR2BA(T
MU




S


.$E-A?*13


M

3QE5F0K;C5L

R4D+%PC_$D(
D9Q!_*

M




/Y07'$B[



/.;2E?7DI-)MO8;+KV7F1A$F5-+L:
*U1



6J^

(I;5U*2.P@.`JI9+1%ADSTD


51FF?X[Z^R_-4__OO__I^_I4GVQP_T


MJ=.R-`&./8K%W:;LKO1\

I[5NZF/'R(HC4I__C=6YQ6

M2STJ%@;_&XNWBYPT#NOJ





M5W'UAQ1

^2^BI/@E2C?X


.XOI/10QO7<3T_L7(*;W%F)Z#T-,'W$U*TM<E;?X@090K8Y4
MQCXEI?


OB\ZQ*JN?+;)D7*[;K;W9?





7$%(V%M0FY%?N]JZ?197N<X_L?']W

NA`QHN8AU#$C1&(V



MC&($JG*]=&8`U3+F9M(*FZO9N5)VD+Y@OKQ(LBA;)*0&Y&6BV83@!@V2S

M.@P


2``^)


SD\NKR[O+\%LT^GJ';N_GIO_XYOSH[
MO[G]SK_?S]?WOT;O3X[O[@\O;S[&IQH[1:&=8!`PK18(E9;0Q2?VV(Q!X2A





MU^D))Q1O-_?EHDCJ2SK
MK

VYV4UGYS7&@I
M#]-=2$W!B$S/3SSN1*U1GTL.6M:X&_R$LPU6+:WVO_:[MC4D-5S!JG\'1A`C
M0F
%-+]FQ]Q@?/+3O*SFRX:7LIL[L/$[;)#0&XX3.`
P


MWIP$
&6-4-M[/=]JHCTX[:HR!J

A+SNH8QNS^(D




M_*/(_\#%6X+-JK^4:(FA]+C8XM-)5.+X-%_12J;N589^VT7=82'[:#,$HZF
M=/2D1QP/[ZDU6G#F,$3T4U3\@:NZ[;;NPIM`/D5EYP`O+CTC
BL:`IBH\JL

LL@
U




3=1(1&Z#_+9
VCHB[)W4H6'
3UGQE`TXX



M&_3970H`(\TIK*4[)NN=WGF=R+I-U[_


L)QG
M3QQ+#3MK


MDC9@PNI/0E\O/@X`6'DB2WW82WI[J$)C79'1A;ET+JJ^`)?KD;AU;NQ*!-!!
M=7'=HG-J4QQ@@;OZ(

MFE+`1.O)U

M\6D/(&TF!V\*8*N]KT(&2NW[9@L@T0Q$4PVK!K1H&1IS55\?H+8EDR$RK+
M=5


:

MG^E^4XN)1!$2:MI715XUI3NV!Z






EMHG.=]ASQ
M
(0XC;28BF




X*GDK&U#1*H::(V6KELM?7GB_^J*^O+NET


M9QDHE

!7N
MA2C-


@3`5.A?7.$&#Z<MG3G`JS!D'2F

#@A'2PH

/KR
4;0=)+6AVA[
/T49

MG;3G;QWF]'!8JK


-)44A.Z*
R0


ME8
DBMW3;

M%5&
25]S7CWBXH;=B
PN8E!%+UN0-R%9.]#IR(B`(2-;FLH37#T&1FM);S3*
M2-G/?2)\0V]

XI:I(Z:'!):9

(ZR`P-




J&QM;Y5%8B
VTLU
MLY@
Y8M-E)IZG5J$5Y&:J0\TJ3:'(T$C1T%QW56F1&
M!ERP'.4):MW#\542

@??TYTM^^V73B6;[

V5O!!



VPNG







MN59M@&`$Y\)6V!'
7A9SM9V<-!'&.W


MK[MCO&KMT6TZDQ9[`J`3`UR@TD/98-)!SE_R!+SC)\#SN^N3$LWAGLQ#2`P
MZK-E*LX
;?]ANZR7N*A=LHOJMN`@



/`]!KJ



M9X2I(#M\/?)JLX
'`*Q
N_-*LF3&M51T9TJ4IHJZUN8%C%%4(6B;3?N7U1QT




O6P$Y%9
M/.AO_H2K1W$1WQ[F+3@[.-&%:PL

)I8U6`8G4BZ
:'
M[$83MLES%15_E#\6N7(C@`[@-5VWD?@@1;?2.KC8KE*-^4RJSW%J-LDQM=1


C+1=[_RF*1F0(;+

MW\T7W$U']Z1(X@


MTJV!:;WV


B.I-A'

A1@@
/5GS5%_^VT8B

#)0S9;+-A]UG3%G=X'


.0Z#32%G/


=FU9
ZJQ-#HJS


E]9-UMA(S(0),J5J)2F\.0TU6'+73I7[5P\?6?K+WF'AZ=%1?PR)D
M%W?`!6GY3&Y(6S\5(:J')@:6D%^
OXK4L`!*:&YFQC''C?AFA5F`0JY^=:@
M+2

3#T:%/NB&FX.43!

MS18(0W&.;!U;4'_J&ZR%54=OWA^U*Z2S+#[9E$F&R_(TS\I-6B79PP7&Y?P3





1L_.T;4]3:UI
C


4?%EM[J_Y/1V
MO)2
97VWN^





M@?4OZ6I:`_SB*MFOF

3W.I/SCF`@XMW*F.E_`X[


M1*^T!#:&-_

M/70]OYOLW'4-VRFU%Q'B]_`Q=A+M=\CKY0?^W;\




M1W90;/!JM'M?A-02;VY1V0)VLI=/U?/'94E'%C77-
T_19G\%(W*TE_?74NU

M9.C@BIQ
6=BDUA:`JNCS/H
5FXT5IF\ZVHHKHLP@?[=$V3K07Q1E0@27D1--
MX;HHBD/W%




T\OQF=;.M5)OA%U+2-X;-R2N-ALCL
F

+Y/*84ID2D$^Y3W=45[@[J6`D?ADZF.19\((

MB?

&J2J?YZC[)F%MTZN\A
M2_[$\65
4Z0N$QH]:B_;B$







M+6N/!O0E)Y6G:F@9:V$)I7XC4M!R79UZ@KO5E!?J^A.`XYB%(3'33#G/


#%U1X0.#PMEF(6CB]Y6@


M9N
L2G;3P))QO
.?JY.4_$4Z-V

MI&C6H6%XU!:`^A(.4%T&^JWY
X-86$[U5V^<][
MG=W@-*IHIO]ED=$:0K@J]DRE.5LET.?`TO65Z@?UWQK(4+W9%!(J9+^SP

:1_U#RHV=O6/ZH/WO73#NII.#K29'_A'AE8;U_HB4-X
M^O3CKU*WW.

M?R


MDD3H#BT\]N?GNZOZJ^L\2M$CHMCX2W08)*OWK




M2`=.
^JL?0T'158M$$H!`TEO[6(P[GBT\(79B4$ZG=


RT

66$!\AT9!'6Z!^9NZ/]_16E63O?Y*.B!

M?\@.FG)F;K%V8&-M]$\9$L1YN3[3OQ4[-
7D&ON/.


MU/)D0XK#2]J*
N%'C1'S;0Z%0.$8_*3!L*:VF0NDEPUY35!*:;F(KNDOMDC0




MY=.&P
]RPGB\Q&G@1_]&/I%/?G%S(`S?.06#BGM[6_`7%$7_BI.7^)[Z.$F
MPBMJQB

M@UCT\FP/@MO\

=)YG_(X955+Y



!G


M`)'^

&;2WEQUW95XE]]]&?N%&51G^XG5'3F(UP`A&!
*V&P`UE%9AZ/:V
MM!MP'.I[2)AV`Y7*D+A)
L2S)Q
_'F)

M\HF;VPU

ZZ(C;CW.T6O^H1][JZ



#
![
&N%5@D;D#8R8QC=V
#@M=;I9'%VM5+!(7.C+T]@JY)1.$&;'?L
MQG*






M\DR8929L;?=I0:RG[=4




M0R5MF8IB=(8_:C6G'P9^LC]I.#7=]AC*-7-\H@\O-)!KTQA+TYQ=O*4F/;M3
MPO


4V0\P=6T;'@[=F#'%G9(X;)0EN$&`

A%2.*TVET`)T&QBLF
M@&+B^J*9^N&R@&.VRJ5:9RA#.H).#N/%%G:9'`!1N:'W=.`!0B'/E[@EF/HR


M(&DL80)DI11V4]!WPR

M$_@L
LX3_/%T5`]#(AI27(+PV+PD@`0NCM'D/19&T1)WKL&06F]J^J@\DR
MR2FE@\E7T)0=B]0R



55
MR3JMH


MJ:^/[SXA5O9-%%WMMILB%CULN*$;FU-:9OY=Q6?^&E
XY9FDG<9A*SXID!%9+A&DC*^#7C7;!B([86'X


?71V*T8-@D#
OBWQZ^BF-INQ::1H+A#U5%


KN%GD8#Q)X7#MDPU'1V2R[MX/KM<[M0?5_?]]ALS#T











MU-QFP+

7(*W5A\[TD-*2AAL`;N54=^^/
M%6
7``BDM?JJF1Z`6M*8?F&1^OH*3&'%S8$0FRF






]RPB8X2`_AY!

MD

,=6UVZ3
M5==VE;6A-T-*P:79F55J[F&TH
W&GP$BSQ($+


MDB


MRW'38:#T

M&\R]!8-`\NYVN:_?L(=SV+E9UT+HU'A4O





MO1FY+


AI3A4_*((U3.


ORGS$$;TM'T;//AXIJ^:\;#-VVNQ6Z9N+G5MW`&P:YB

MD5*




(#9@BX*`Z!JTKVQPGI@21EZHREQ$5%`)OSM)DMKV
MI'IC]?*`4C(5.N9?NDK3G*4GW;*-C?^J?/Q&%$%645D-K1DH40F3DB&
ZA)`
MQ3#@

_SAX27LPEQ862\S$)50M
;_79

M([;[Q*O9I5
M--
+IS9L($J[3[@:7#6M`?:09'[$JU6@
-4&#4QM]^'6\8'3



MH9J*QP`5E&G'7`

[E&612C\@K

M*ZV!EXH(G+LZ$:!@0MK#`KCQV(^I4(Z.BIIHPII/
%(H6E.QWG4$MK^#;A!@
M`#HH6I


M%1($&(`.BM94SE[`HMIW_@\(
#`U%+:I^&.:8MNO]?CC#\/-QS8M.*%\(L!I
MB6R/!B0(


3L]+#7Q-6F94:(:_[7C+;7WYC96_W



ET`

MKUL-A^U]HD&0

MAU]1ROB.PRK&]YP7S6FZFRY)/R]\2LJQRG..#16D/KQ0[CL?I&V7Y6D)W1


I!G:(V]GP;=6AO.8)J`$-70B&E:WCKD^SU@8XVI8X@

%K

MH\^']X?
OLGI1.


M$CG#;KCU_=.FR@.
E_


M(C.WS'5




=W



%Q4F%Q2M[+6ZCU
D!:?%0Y-TIK`?))&-T7JW


'Z?


&\K099_BKAM0X)+V=H.A&N)6\FQ(UM5G6-'F
M%AO!8W=ZCH:,@?QKK4!E/__L/*EM+?_#]02P
$%`````@`MH-]0F^8[4*T
M#P``S[D``!$`'`!P;'-B+3(P
3(Q
C

+^G`%`W*'P]4M
MG(/8IUK]%@

MP1S3@G]\8#YP$6(?/E'^'?;CR^.HI@$&
;C%;LSXO0J\CP%!9#.BY
(5;Z;G


M?Y6?Z2@:S\=K6LF:3!Q;4Z=7^EE%Z3D!!\^=G
1!W4RE-R!:WOGX1:'MO$JO
M[/-:93


MH2C7:_Y]5?


UTN))'/Q*%-



MFV.I)_)&T#B6ZOR2_MKCHTDY?/K$_A?I@JM)K=X@TD92$6)U?A%D]ECO69RT
MJ.YJH5[+TM8R0SWHUC3^5]1\.Q2]7:1]:IM8X
%TNDUMT53U('K3&&]P#V8H



Y634]]AHAKN#O@JN
MU+EV04AO9&GKW6KS40&'&?BAUQH[0+5@*^/KB.@-KSAH;F7X0AE(=J('FY=S

7\`;U)\S8JUCV8U0%

T3O






M^?N$R=_5-PP_4


M7XDX@#Z)TI+OY(9UUVA'['!:6_!C\
JIB7
4
1\$(G.2]\PYA^^^DYGM&&GB

U[F6/A#$;QM@;N1=T


MFS.]\Y7

ML
F


M4JVQ-JS&[AK

F
'K6:)6_NDF.;#=#&E=R/XI!!Z\KPQ

M













&<ZIOQ`ET!/


V'?A][U9AR'
M-TL$Y^/Y)


M3K`Z@*X#H*4`B4Z`)J?%T+Y,!#?GZ`__P=02P$'@
4`````V@WU@?N


#$R
3(S

M550%``.W^551=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`MH-]0MWUK5SF
M#@``_KL``!4`&````````0```*2!;W

C`Q
C$R
S%?9&5F+GAM

MUS@``/Y``P`5`!@```````$```D@:2``!P;'-B+3(P
3(Q
C
Q7VQA8BYX


#$R
3(S


M[4*T#P``S[D``!$`&````````0```*2!

C`Q
C$R

M550%``.W^551=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``#+V````
!````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    
    



        
        

    
    



    

 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results
 future results of operations will be affected.



        
        

    
    



    
    



        
        

    
    



    

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount we believe will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on our bad debt loss history and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&#146; outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. We records an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based on specifically identified amounts that are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the account receivable is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $nil at December 31
 2012 and 2011.



        
        

    
    



    

 production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market and economic conditions or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally
 our estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.



        
        

    
    



    

 manufacturing equipment
 office equipment
 warehouse equipment and display coolers which are all stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets which range from three to five years.



        
        

    
    



    

 &#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#148; ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset
 including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&#146;s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we recognized an impairment of $483
208 and $80
000
 respectively.



        
        

    
    



    

 PULSE&#174; and PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&#174;
 all used in connection with the manufacture
 sale and distribution of our beverages. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the



        
        

    
    



    

 Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements
 as revised by SAB No. 104. We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers. Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases
 ownership of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors
 passes to such distributors when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales have been determined after deduction of discounts
 slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC 605-50.



        
        

    
    



    

 which are determined based on historical experience and assessment of the general financial conditions affecting our customer base. If actual collections experience changes
 revisions to the allowance may be required. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $nil and $nil at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



        
        

    
    



    

 (&#147;ASC 820&#148;)
 which defines fair value
 establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements required under other accounting pronouncements. See Note 14.



        
        

    
    



    

 accounts and loans receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments approximate their fair values as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 due to their short-term nature.



        
        

    
    



    

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change.



    

 depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.



        
        

    
    



    

 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 we exceeded insurance limits by $494
906 and $nil.



    

 2012 there was one individual customer with a balance in excess of 10% of the accounts receivable totaling 29% of accounts receivable and there were no customers in excess of 10% of net sales.



        
        

    
    



    

 &#147;Stock Compensation&#148; (&#147;ASC 718&#148;). Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on their fair values at the date of grant.



    

 &#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&#148; Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.



    

 and



        
        

    
    



    

 2012 and 2011
 the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued
 as at December 31
 2012 and 2011
 is 10
647
213 and 1
116
667
 respectively.



        
        

    
    



    

 the FASB issued ASU 2012-02
 Intangibles&#151;Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Testing Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets for Impairment (ASU 2012-02)
 which permits an entity to make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit's indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than the asset's carrying value before applying the two-step goodwill impairment model that is currently in place. If it is determined through the qualitative assessment that the fair value of a reporting unit's indefinite-lived intangible asset is more likely than not greater than the asset's carrying value
 the remaining impairment steps would be unnecessary. The qualitative assessment is optional
 allowing companies to go directly to the quantitative assessment. ASU 2012-02 is effective for us for annual and interim indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests performed beginning October 1
 2012; however
 early adoption is permitted. We believe the adoption of ASU 2012-02 will not have a material impact on our financial statements.



    

 we undertake a study to determine the consequence of the change to our financial statements and assure that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that our financial statements properly reflect the change.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-15
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized. The description identifies the factors that influence management's establishment of the level of the allowance (for example
 historical losses and existing economic conditions) and may also include discussion of the risk elements relevant to particular categories of receivables.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including dividends and accumulated other comprehensive income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including securitization transactions as well as repurchase and resale agreements. This disclosure may include how the entity (1) determines whether a transaction is accounted for as a sale; (2) accounts for a sale transaction
 including the initial and subsequent accounting for any interests that the entity obtains or continues to hold in the transaction
 how such interests are valued
 and the significant assumptions used in the valuation; (3) accounts for a transaction that does not qualify for sale treatment (that is
 a financing); and (4) accounts for its servicing assets and liabilities (servicing)
 including how such servicing is measured initially and subsequently
 and the methodology and significant assumptions used to value such servicing.
              
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Paragraph 9-15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    
    



    
    



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    



    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

217

    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

583

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

569

    
    


    

    
    
    

569

    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

 2012 was $(2
179
738).



    

600
000 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes
 which will expire in various years through 2032
 if not previously utilized. However
 our ability to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially limited or eliminated pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382.



    

 formerly FIN 48
 and &#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&#148;. We had no material unrecognized income tax assets or liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    

 2012 and 2011
 there was no income tax or related interest and penalty items in the income statement
 or liabilities on the balance sheet. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years beginning October 1
 2008 or state income tax examination by tax authorities for years beginning October 1
 2009. We are not currently involved in any income tax examinations.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    

 2011
 the Shareholders resolved to amend our Articles of Incorporation to authorize the issuance of 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001
 issuable in series with rights
 preferences and limitations to be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there have been no issuances of preferred stock.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amounts
 nature of changes
 rights and privileges
 dividends
 and other matters related to preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    

442. A total of $65
442 was repaid in cash and $100
000 was converted into $0.50 Units.



    

 2011 a loan of $36
018 was forgiven and a gain of $36
018 was recognized in 2011.



    

 2012 we received $250
000 pursuant to a short-term bridge loan from an unrelated party. This loan bore interest at 6% per annum and was unsecured and due on demand. On December 21
 2012 the principal portion of this loan was converted into $0.40 Units. Each unit contained one common share and one share purchase warrant exercisable at $0.65 expiring December 21
 2015. Accrued interest of $6
486 is included in accrued expenses.





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
 -Paragraph 20
 24
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
        

    
    



    

 2011 we:



    
    

 2011. The stock dividend increased the number of our issued and outstanding common shares to 42
180
000 from 3
515
000. The stock dividend did not affect the number of authorized common stock
 which remained at 100
000
000. On February 15
 2011 our former President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 agreed to surrender 26
660
000 shares of our common stock to us for cancellation;



    
    

280
000 common shares having a fair value of $1
618
020
 in exchange for 100% of the outstanding common shares of Pulse. We also assumed a short-term loan of $100
000 pursuant to the acquisition of Pulse. Between August 29
 2011 and September 15
 2011 we received a further $400
000 from the same lender. On September 15
 2011 we issued 1
000
000 units at $0.50 per Unit (&#147;$0.50 Unit&#148;) to settle this debt. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one additional common share at $0.75 per share expiring September 15
 2016;



    
    

025
000 common shares to foreign accredited investors at $1.00 per share for total proceeds of $1
025
000;



    
    

000 common shares having a fair value of $32
400 as compensation pursuant to an Advisory Board Agreement. This amount was recorded as a prepaid expense to be amortized over a two year period ending June 15
 2013. On September 15
 2011 we issued 10
000 common shares having a fair value of $10
548 pursuant to this Advisory Board Agreement;



    
    

667 $0.50 Units to settle $58
335 in advisory fees owing to Advisory Board members and a director;



    
    

000 common shares
 having a fair value of $10
500
 pursuant to an agreement for services to be rendered from January 1
 2012 to June 30
 2012. This amount was charged to operations during 2012;



    

 2012 we:



    
    

000 $0.30 Units pursuant to $120
000 received prior to December 31
 2011;



    
    

000 pursuant to a $0.30 Unit offering and issued a total of 2
856
666 $0.30 Units. Each $0.30 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one additional common share at $0.45 for a period of five years;



    
    

870
000 pursuant to a $0.40 Unit offering and issued a total of 4
675
000 $0.40 Units. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one additional common share at $0.60 per share as to 1
250
000 $0.40 Units and at $0.65 per common share as to 3
425
000 $0.40 Units
 all expiring three years from date of purchase;



    
    

664 $0.30 Units and 179
167 $0.40 Units
 all having a fair value of $164
566 in advisory and business consulting fees owing to Advisory Board members
 a director
 and an employee. A total of $29
166 was to settle amounts owing at December 31
 2011 and $135
400 was for services owing for the year ended December 31
 2012. Each $0.30 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one common share at $0.45 for a period of five years. Each $0.40 Unit consisted of one common share and one common share purchase warrant to acquire one common share at $0.65 for a period of three years;



    
    

667 common shares
 having a fair value of $46
279
 pursuant to an Advisory Board Agreement. A total of $6
579 was to settle accrued amounts owing at December 31
 2011
 $31
588 was for services rendered during the year and $8
112 was prepaid for services to June 15
 2013;



    
    

571 common shares
 having a fair value of $357
300
 pursuant to agreements for services rendered. A total of $348
967 was charged to operations and $8
333 was prepaid for services to January 31
 2013;



    
    

000 common shares on December 21
 2012 pursuant to our 2011 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to the 200
000 cases sold milestone provided therein. These shares had a fair value of $249
600. A total of 240
000 of these common shares were issued to two directors and senior officers.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    

 2012 and 2011 we had 9
161
393 and 1
116
667 common share purchase warrants outstanding
 respectively. As at December 31
 2012 the common share purchase warrants have an average exercise price of $0.58 per common share and having an average expiration date of 3.5 years.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        

779

000


        

187

000


        

570

113


        

000

000


        

663)

577)


        

874

536




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 dies
 and other tools that will be used in producing products under a long-term supply arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment not otherwise defined in the taxonomy.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    

 2011 we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding shares of The Pulse Beverage Corporation (&#147;Pulse&#148;). Pulse shareholders were issued 13
280
000 common shares in exchange for 100% of the issued and outstanding common shares of Pulse for a total purchase price of $1
618
020. For accounting purposes
 the acquisition of Pulse was accounted for utilizing the equity method by us under acquisition method for business combinations. Pursuant to ASC 805
 we recognized identifiable assets acquired and financial liabilities assumed as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
280

    

618

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    

618

    



    

280
000 common shares issued as consideration paid for 100% of the issued shares of The Pulse Beverage Corporation was determined on the basis of the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date.





        
          

        
          
            

 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 51
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    



        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    

104

    
    

031

    





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be broken down by segment or major class.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        

256
750


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        

200
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
        



          

        
        


        

200
000
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        

575
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

625
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

505
783)

758)


        

407

886


        

209

000


        

646
736

434


        

971)

018)


        
        
        


        

453)

302)


        

649

317)


        

257)

968)


        

418

746


        

681
044)

297)


        
        
        


        

000)
        


        
        

000)


        

885

761


        

423)

113)


        

042)

047)


        

580)

399)


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000

000


        
        

442)


Proceeds from the sale of common stock
 net of costs

361
612

545
000


        

611
612

479
614


        

988

918


        

918
        


        

906

918


        
        
        


        
        

618
020


        
        

165


Shares issued for services
 debt and prepaid expenses

446

434


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from the beginning balance of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization (relating to property
 plant and equipment) to the ending balance.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash that was held by the acquired business).
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    


    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        


        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
 December 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
 December 31

    

200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 December 31

    

575

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    



        
        

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

200

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

575

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    

625

    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


Preferred Stock
 authorized

000
000

000
000

000
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    



    
    



    
    



    

 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.



    
    



    

 2012:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
 -Paragraph 15C
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 44A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 3
 10
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17-22
 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 32
 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













