

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-15-000101
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pulse Beverage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53586
		FILM NUMBER:		15736204
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-382-5476
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Darlington Mines Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207






 2014








SECURITIES AND
Washington
 D.C.
20549
FORM
10-K
ANNUAL
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
TRANSITION
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
  1934
For
the transition period from __________ to __________
Commission
File Number: 000-53586
THE PULSE
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)



  


  




  


  




  


  



11678 N Huron St
 Northglenn
&nbsp;(Address of principal executive
offices
 including zip code)
(Telephone number
 including area code)

Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act:


Section&nbsp;12(g) of the Act:
Common Stock
 par value $.00001 per
share

check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K.
&nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp; 

by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an
accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221;
and&nbsp;&#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    



    



check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act).
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

second fiscal quarter
 June 30
 2014
 the aggregate market value of common
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $21
150
000 using the closing
price on that day of $0.45.

 2015
 there were 64
326
037
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued and outstanding.
Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.



ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2014























































Item  5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer  Purchases of Equity Securities























































Item  10.Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

















Item  13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence












































CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Annual Report on Form 10-K (&#8220;Report&#8221;)
contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management&#8217;s
current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements
made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including
statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or
developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the
future
 including statements related to potential strategic transactions
distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
 new products
adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to
continue as a going concern
 statements regarding future operating results and
non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the
words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221;
&#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; variations of such words
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the
exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean
that the statement is not forward-looking.

not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are based
on management&#8217;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are
not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and
assumptions and apply only as of March 31
 2015. Our actual results
performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as
well the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new
information
 future events or otherwise.

 our business
including our financial condition and results of operations
 may be impacted by
a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:



  
 and
    maintain existing distribution arrangements with distributors
 retailers
    brokers and regional and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and
    distribute competing products
 and whom we rely upon to employ sufficient
    efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking the retail
    shelves with our products
 on which our business plan and future growth are

  
    our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health brand of functional beverages
 including our
    sales and marketing strategies relating to the distribution and sales at a

  
    listings
 obtain favorable placement within each store and increase case sales
    through promotions with respect to Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and

  

  
    working capital resources to efficiently finance the growth of our business
    including building inventory levels and financing receivables from our
    customers and then to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to preserve

  

  
    contract manufacturers of our products
 which could make management of our

  
    continuous supply of raw materials
 as well as other factors affecting our

  
    costs
 as well as freight capacity issues
 which may have an adverse impact on

  

  
    brand image and product quality and the risk that we may suffer other product

  
    key personnel
 which would directly affect our efficiency and results of

  
    and trade secrets
 which may prevent us from successfully marketing our

  

  
    against much larger established companies currently operating in the beverage
    industry

  



of some of the factors that may affect our business
 results and prospects
 see
&#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&#8221; Readers are also urged to carefully review and
consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our
periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and those
described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may
affect our business
 prospects and results of operations.
REFERENCES


(i) the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;Pulse&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean The Pulse
Beverage Corporation; (ii) &#8220;SEC&#8221; refers to the Securities and Exchange

Act of 1933

Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to
United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.







a Colorado based innovative beverage company formed in 2011 by beverage
industry veterans for the purpose of exploiting niche markets in the beverage
industry. We have developed
 in-house
 two great tasting
 refreshing
low-calorie natural beverage brands: Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and Coconut
Water and PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages. We introduced
our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade in 2012 and since then have developed a
multi-national comprehensive distribution system through more than 150
distributors in 48 States
 Canada
 Mexico
 Panama
 Bermuda and Ireland. By
establishing a multi-national distribution system
 Pulse has secured more than
20
000 listings for its Lemonades/Limeades
and more than 5
000 listings for its Coconut Waters with regional and national
grocery and convenience chain stores such as: Albertsons/Safeway
 Walmart
 Kroger/Fred
Meyer/Ralphs
 Kmart
 Circle K
 Walgreens
 7-Eleven
 Whole Foods
 H-E-B
 Hy-Vee
Supermarket
 Save Mart Supermarkets
 Hannaford
 Food City
 Raley's Supermarkets
Price Chopper Supermarkets
 WinCo Foods
 and Gelson&#8217;s Supermarket.

operation with our first product
 Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 for three years. We
expanded this brand into Limeade
 which started selling in January
 2014
 and
into Coconut Water
 which started selling in March
 2014. Our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health brand of functional
beverages
 originally developed by Baxter Healthcare
 will be introduced and
marketed in a new
 non-gender-specific formulation with increased flavor
profiles. We believe the new formulation will have significantly wider
distributor
 buyer and consumer appeal. We
completed the re-design and upgraded the flavor profiles of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp;
Body Health. Using our well established and comprehensive distribution system
we will more easily be able to introduce PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health into
our existing distribution system through natural beverage distributers such as:
United Natural Food
 Inc. and Nature&#8217;s Best
 the two largest natural food
distributors. Existing distributors and chain stores are being made aware of
the health benefits and introduction of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health. Our
first major chain store to take on PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health is a 157
store neighborhood market specializing in high-end unique products. This chain
operates in California
 Arizona and Nevada.

currently develop
 produce
 market
 sell and distribute our brands through our strategic
regional and international distribution system
 which includes over 85% Class
&#8220;A&#8221; distributors such as Sysco
 The Sygma Network
 Core-Mark
 Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
 UNFI
and distributors for Anheuser Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
 RC/7-Up
and Cadbury Schweppes. 

principal executive offices are located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
Colorado 80234
 and our telephone number at this address is (720) 382-5476. Our
 Information contained on our website
is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We completed our initial
public offering on February 15
 2011. On April 11
 2011 our common stock started
trading under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTCBB operated by the Financial Industry
Regulatory Authority
 Inc. (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) and the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets
Group
 Inc.
Overview and
Mission

to be one of the market leaders in the development and marketing of natural and
functional beverage products that provide real health benefits to a significant
segment of the population and are convenient and appealing to consumers. We
have an experienced management team of beverage industry executives that have strong
relationships in the industry and have successfully launched and/or managed the
distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty two years.


beverages divide into a number of categories
 including energy and sports
drinks
 teas
 juices
 lemonades
 bottled water
 coconut water and functional
beverages. These beverage categories include a host of products that are
fortified with vitamins
 minerals and dietary supplements. PULSE&#174; Heart &amp;
Body Health is targeted at the functional/nutritional beverage segment. Our
goal is to evolve the functional/nutritional beverage category into more of a
focus on providing true and meaningful health and wellness benefits in a
convenient and good tasting format. 

Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade 

is a line-up of refreshing
 all-natural
&#8220;good-for-you&#8221;
 ready-to-drink lemonades in a 20oz glass bottle in five flavors:
Natural
 Blueberry
 Cherry
 Strawberry and Mango. In January
 2014 we
introduced Natural Cabana&#174; Limeade in two flavors: Raspberry and Lime. Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade are refreshing
 all-natural
low-calorie ready-to-drink lemonades and limeades that contain no artificial
sweeteners or coloring with significant reduction in calories than competing
beverages and 60 calories and 19 grams of sugar per 8 oz. serving. Lemonade is
America&#8217;s second favorite juice drink being consumed by 89% of juice drinkers
and preferred by 56% of all teenagers to other juices. Lemonades and limeades
are part of a high-growth market with few entrants. There
is only one other all-natural lemonade in the marketplace that is offered in a
smaller 16oz glass format. We are positioning Natural Cabana&#174; as natural
complements to food in an effort to broaden its appeal. We believe that the
lemonade market is well established and that there is an immediate demand in
North America and internationally. 

Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade are targeted at the lemonade and
limeade beverage segment to attract lemonade and fruit juice beverage drinkers
of all ages
 in particular the beverage consumers desiring a lower calorie
 all
natural
 thirst quenching beverage for enjoyment and rehydration. Nationally
only a handful of companies market ready-to-drink lemonades. We believe Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade has competitive advantages over
existing lemonade brands as follows: offered in a large format 20oz glass
bottle
 has 60 calories per 8oz. serving compared to over 100 calories of
most competing beverages and is made of 100% all natural ingredients. The fact
that Natural&nbsp;




contains no preservatives or artificial sweeteners means that they can be sold
in health food stores such as Whole Foods
 GNC Live Well
 Vitamin Cottage
Sunflower and others. The following is a summary of our competition in the
lemonade segment:


 20oz glass bottle
    artificial coloring
 high in calories

  
    

  

  

  
    Lemonade&#174; - one flavor in a
    12oz can


Natural
Cabana&#174; Coconut Water

introduced Natural Cabana&#174;Coconut Water and Natural Cabana&#174;Pineapple Coconut
Water
 in March
 2014 as a major line extension to our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
and Limeade. 

rapidly emerging coconut water category has nearly doubled in revenue every
year since 2005 according to the Wall Street Journal
 and targeting consumer
trends &#8211; &#8220;healthy&#8221; and &#8220;natural.&#8221; Dubbed &#8220;Mother Nature&#8217;s Sports Drink
&#8221; it is
made from the highest quality coconuts from Thailand. High in electrolytes
naturally fat and cholesterol-free
 coconut water is an excellent source of
hydration
 and contains healthy ingredients including calcium
 potassium and
magnesium. Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water debuted at a price lower than its
competitors and
 according to informal customer surveys
 is the best-tasting
coconut water in the market. 

water is one of the fastest growing beverage categories in the United States
with consumers and health experts recognizing its natural hydrating qualities
exceptional nutritional benefits and great taste. Coconut water contains high
levels of electrolytes
 vitamins and minerals and less sugar than many sports
drinks.

there are a number of competing brands in this cagtegory
 we believe our
established existing distribution network and exceptional taste of our coconut
water products will give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. 
PULSE&#174;
Heart &amp; Body Health brand of functional beverage 

Heart &amp; Body Health brand of functional beverage (&#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221;) is an effective nutritional supplement for those seeking a healthy
lifestyle. It is a natural beverage product that is high in antioxidants
selenium
 Vitamin C and soluble fiber. Drinking one bottle has more fiber than two
and half servings of oatmeal. It is bottled without preservatives and in three
naturally sweetened great tasting flavors: Pomegranate/Blackberry
 Pear/Peach
and Strawberry/Grapefruit. Pulse&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health formula contains safe
and effective levels of important ingredients to support the health of our
heart and cardiovascular and immune systems.

500ml glass bottle packaging is vibrant and convenient and is water-based
which gives rise to our trademark: 
The nutrients contained in PULSE&#174; are backed by research and are scientifically
demonstrated to promote health in each targeted health platform. The
nutritional ingredients were specifically selected to provide the nutrition
necessary to achieve targeted health benefits using patented
liposome nano-dispersion technology that introduces the ingredients into PULSE&#174;
in a format that allows the body to absorb the nutrients. We own all the
formulations
 rights and trademarks relating to the PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages
and specifically we own the right to use the following Side Panel Statement for
PULSE&#174; Heart Healthy: &#8220;Formulation developed under license from Baxter
Healthcare Corporation&#8221;. This right is in perpetuity without royalties. All PULSE&#174;
labels contain structure/function claims that are followed by an * disclosing
the following: This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug
Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose
 treat
 cure
 or
prevent any disease. 
is targeted
toward adults who want to feel young and healthful. PULSE&#174; brand mission and
concept is supported by a growing consumer link between nutrition and wellness
and the ever growing need for convenient solutions to rehydrate and to combat
obesity. This fact ensures that PULSE&#174; does not just attract the baby
boomer category but includes all consumers who want health conscious
beverages. There is a societal shift away from
carbonated
 diet and high sugar-content beverages that contain artificial
sweeteners and preservatives. PULSE&#174; is supported by a growing
consumer link between nutrition and wellness in convenient solutions. There is
an emergence of new product categories in the area of energy and sports drinks
teas
 juices
 flavored waters
 lemonades and functional/nutritional beverages.
Populations are aging
 which influences the food and beverage industry
affecting everything from packaging and taste profiles to calories and
contents.

in the recommended serving sizes as part of a daily health regimen. PULSE&#174;
formulas include functional ingredients that are widely considered to be
critical to adult health including anti-oxidants
 vitamins
 minerals
 soluble
fiber and soy isoflavones. The following is a summary of our
competition in the functional beverage segment:


 zero calories
 mostly

  
 emphasis on
    detox/weight loss/energy
 various antioxidants
 mostly trace amounts of

  
 lightly
    carbonated
 proprietary blends and vitamins
 small amounts of vitamins and

  
    beverage with claims to have heart and other health benefits &#8211; FDA has


Business Value
Drivers 
Profitable
Growth 
We believe &#8220;functional&#8221;
 &#8220;image-based&#8221; and/or &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; brands properly
supported by marketing and innovation
 targeted to a broad consumer base
 drive
profitable growth. We are focused on maintaining and improving profit margins
and believe that tailored branding
 packaging
 pricing and distribution channel
strategies help achieve profitable growth. We are implementing these strategies
with a view to achieving profitable growth. 



International
&#8211; The expansion into international markets with our Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade and Coconut Water
 together with the introduction of
PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages
 remains a key value driver
for our growth. 
&#8211; The principal
focus of controlling cost inputs will continue to center around reducing input
supply and production costs on a per-case basis
 including raw material costs
and co-packing fees. The reduction of days to collect accounts receivable and converting
raw materials into finished goods and finished goods into accounts receivable
remain a key area of focus. 
Efficient
Capital Structure 
Our capital structure
 without long-term debt
 is intended to optimize our
working capital to finance expansion
 both domestically and internationally. We
believe our strong capital position currently provides us with a competitive
advantage. 

subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained
these value drivers
 when properly implemented
 will result in:
(1)&nbsp;maintaining and increasing our gross profit margins;
(2)&nbsp;providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a
percentage of net revenues; and (3)&nbsp;optimizing our cost of capital. The
ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future
results of operations. 

sales
 gross profits
 contribution to fixed expenses
 operating income
 net
income and net income per share represent key measurements of the above value
drivers. These measurements will continue to be a key management focus in 2015.
See &#8220;Results of Operations&#8221; for a complete discussion of our current and future
business. 
Growth
Strategy

Cabana&#174; Lemonade ahead of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health in order to establish a
comprehensive nationwide and international distribution system. Lemonades are
widely considered to be understood by beverage consumers as compared to a
highly nutritional functional beverage product such as PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body
Health
 which requires more education at the distribution and retail level.
Our growth strategy
includes:


























 Limeade and Coconut Water;





















 convenience and key account store listings for all our brands nationwide and internationally;












































Expansion into
Mexico:

with an established Mexico distributor in February
 2015 to distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade (&#8220;Limonada&#8221;) and Coconut
Water to key accounts obtained over the past few months. This distributor has
been in business for more than 60 years and has more than 1
000 employees with
distribution points in every major city in Mexico and distribution routes to
almost all retail outlets. Our Mexico operations are headed by Carlos
Villarreal. Mr. Villarreal was responsible for the Mexico introduction and distribution
of Monster Energy Drink&#174; in 2004 and led the expansion across all of Mexico up
until June
 2010. Mr. Villarreal has worked with leading brands such as Dr.
Pepper Snapple and Miller
 among others
 in their entry/distribution
strategies. He has also served as a Director for Anheuser-Busch and for Grupo
Modelo (Corona) in the U.S. and Mexico.
Expansion
into Canada:

distribution agreement with Unique Foods (Canada) Inc. (&#8220;Unique Foods&#8221;) in
September
 2014 to distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water throughout Canada.
Unique Foods is headquartered in Montreal
 Canada with an established presence
in Atlantic and Western Canada
 Ontario and Quebec through coordinators and
multiple independent regional distributors. Unique Foods is a leading importer
of premium beverage brands such as: Stewart&#8217;s Old Fashioned Sodas
 Cascade
Ice&#8482;
 Hype Energy&#8482;
 AQUAhydrate&#8482; and ACTIVATE&#174; Vitamin Drinks.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Industry
Background

beverages are among the most widely distributed food products in the world and
are being sold through more than 400
000 retailers in the United States
 our
core market. The United States has more than 2
600 beverage companies and 500
bottlers of beverage products. Collectively they account for more than $100 billion
in annual sales. It is estimated that globally more than $300 billion worth of
non-alcoholic beverages are sold annually. The beverage market is controlled by
two giants
 The Coca-Cola Company (&#8220;Coke&#8221;) and PepsiCo
 combining for over 70%
of the non-alcoholic beverage market. Carbonated beverage sales
are slipping
 while non-carbonated beverage sales are growing. Experts predict
that beverage companies that only offer carbonated beverages will have to work
hard to off-set flagging demand. Industry watchers believe that growth will be
largely confined to non-carbonated beverages and will chiefly affect functional
drinks. Functional
 sports and energy drinks are expected to be the principal
beneficiaries of this trend.

watchers are particularly confident about the prospect for drinks that are
functional and that offer therapeutic benefits and as such capitalize on the
public&#8217;s growing interest in products that promise to improve health. Although
we will face competition in our bid for market share
 we believe
 based on
market research
 that our products
 strong packaging
 unique formulations and
promotions will induce early trial and&nbsp;




widespread and loyal following. We also believe that our products will have
strong appeal in Europe and the Pacific Rim
 in particular
 China. Key drivers
of the Chinese beverage market include rising inflows of foreign direct
investment
 growing levels of consumer spending power
 an increasingly health
conscious consuming public and the Chinese government&#8217;s market-focused economic
policy.&nbsp; We believe our products will be accepted in China because of China&#8217;s
growing desire for healthy products and its growing middle class and its
interest in brands that come from North America. 


distribution systems are comprised of the following types of distributors:
Direct
Store Delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;

primarily distribute beverages
 chips
 snacks and milk and provide pre-sales
delivery and merchandising services to their customers. Service levels are
daily and weekly and they require 25% to 30% gross profit from sales to their
customers. As
of March 31
 2015
 we maintained a network of more than 150 distributors in over
48&nbsp;states in America
 nine provinces in Canada
 Panama
 Mexico
 Bermuda
and Ireland. We grant these independent distributors the exclusive right in
defined territories to distribute finished cases of one or more of our products
through written agreements. These agreements typically include compensation to
those distributors in the event we provide product directly to one of our
regional retailers located in the distributor&#8217;s region. We are also obligated
to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor
agreements
 which have terms generally ranging from one to three years. We have
chosen
 and will continue to choose
 our distributors
based on their perceived ability to build our brand franchise in convenience
stores and grocery stores. 
Direct
to Retail Channel (&#8220;Warehouse Direct&#8221;)

have secured listings with large retail convenience store and grocery store chains
where we ship direct to the chain stores warehousing system. &nbsp;Retailers
must have warehousing and delivery capabilities. Services to retailers are
provided by an assigned broker
 approved by us
 to oversee pre-sale and
merchandising services. Our
direct to retail channel of distribution is an important part of our strategy
to target large national or regional restaurant chains
 retail accounts
 including
mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs
we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and the account
is serviced through the retailer&#8217;s appointed distribution system. These
arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us
 and contain
no minimum purchase commitments.


manufacturing and warehousing of our products to independent contract
manufacturers (&#8220;co-packers&#8221;). We purchase our raw materials
from North American suppliers which deliver to our third party co-packers. We
currently use three co-packers located in Forest Grove
 Oregon and Marion
Virginia to manufacture and package our products. Having two strategically
located co-packers reduces our shipping rates and transport times. We
intend to identify co-packers in Texas
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia to support the
expansion of our products in those markets and Mexico. Once our products
are manufactured
 we store finished product in a warehouse adjacent to each
co-packer or in third party warehouses. Our co-packers were
chosen on the basis of their proximity to markets covered by our distributors.
Most of the ingredients used in the formulation of our products are
off-the-shelf and thus readily available. No ingredient has a lead time greater
than two weeks. Other
than minimum case volume requirements per production run for most co-packers
we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our
co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case
we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our
customers. We continually review our contract packing needs in light of
regulatory compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change
co-packers based on those needs.


all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our
products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance
with our specifications. The raw materials used in the preparation and
packaging of our products consist primarily of juice concentrates
 natural
flavors
 stevia
 pure cane sugar
 bottles
 labels
 trays and enclosures. These
raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract
manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which
are available from multiple suppliers.

 we
purchase our flavor concentrate from four flavor concentrate suppliers.
Generally
 all natural flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to the
flavors. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product
development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at
relatively low cost. We anticipate that for future flavors and additional
products
 we may purchase flavor concentrate from other flavor houses with the
intention of developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our
products. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience
disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


ensure that the flavor profiles and nutritional platforms of our products meet
the needs of consumers&#8217; taste
 health and life-style
 we contract the services
of Catalyst Development Inc. (&#8220;Catalyst&#8221;)
 a beverage product development firm
located in Burnaby
 BC
 Canada. Catalyst developed the formulations for PULSE&#174;
under license
 for Baxter Healthcare Corporation. Catalyst&#8217;s owner
 Ron
Kendrick
 is our Chief of Product Development and oversees our beverage
development
 inventory supply chain
 and quality assurance through his team of
three persons. Our product development team has ensured PULSE&#174; is a lower
calorie
 great tasting functional beverage that provides the benefits we claim
on PULSE&#174; labels. We use a hot-fill process of production to allow the PULSE&#174;
product to have all natural ingredients without the use of preservatives.

are committed to building products that meet or exceed the quality standards
set by the U.S.
 Canadian and Mexico governments. Our products are
made from high quality all natural ingredients. We ensure that all of our
products satisfy our quality standards. Contract manufacturers are selected and
monitored by our own quality control representatives in an effort to assure
adherence to our production procedures




products from each production run undertaken by each of our contract
manufacturers are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. The
manufacturing process steps include source selection
 receipt and storage
filtration
 disinfection
 bottling
 packaging
 in-place sanitation
 plant
quality control and corporate policies affecting quality assurance. In
addition
 we ensure that each bottle is stamped with a production date
 time
and plant code to quickly isolate problems should they arise.

every run of product
 our contract manufacturer undertakes extensive testing of
product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. For
each product
 the contract manufacturer must transmit all quality control test
results to us for reference following each production run. Testing also
includes microbiological checks and other tests to ensure the production
facilities meet the standards and specifications of our quality assurance
sample submission to Catalyst Development Inc. for microbiological checks and
other tests to ensure the production facilities meet the standards and
specifications of our quality assurance program. Water quality is ensured
through activated carbon and particulate filtration as well as alkalinity
adjustment when required. Flavors are pre-tested before shipment to contract
manufacturers from the flavor manufacturer. We are committed to ongoing product
improvement with a view toward ensuring the high quality of
our product through a stringent contract packer selection and training program.


and marketing of our proprietary beverages are subject to the rules and
regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies
including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC)
and the U.S.&nbsp;Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and AAFC also
regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive
notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect
to our licensed products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place
to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations.

beverage products presently offer non-refillable
 recyclable containers in the
U.S.&nbsp;and various other markets. Legal requirements have been enacted in
jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada requiring that deposits or certain
eco-taxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable
beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary.
Other beverage container related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product
stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the
U.S.&nbsp;and Canada. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may
be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the
U.S.&nbsp;and Canada.


product philosophy will continue to be based on developing products in those segments
of the market that offer the greatest chance of success such as health
wellness and natural refreshment
 and we will continue to seek out underserved
market niches. We believe we can quickly respond
 given our technical and
marketing expertise
 to changing market conditions with new and innovative
products. We are committed to developing products that are distinct
meet a quantifiable need
 are proprietary
 lend themselves to at least a 30%
gross profit
 project a quality and healthy image
 and can be distributed
through existing distribution channels. We are identifying brands
of other companies with a view to acquiring them or taking on the exclusive
distribution of their products.
Intellectual
Property

acquired all of the property and equipment
 formulations
 rights and trademarks
associated with PULSE&#174; from Health Beverage
 LLC pursuant to an Asset Purchase
Agreement that closed on January 31
 2011.

intellectual property:












 specifications
 manufacturing methods and related Canadian and US unregistered trademark for PULSE&#174; - Heart Healthy&#8482;. These trademarks are current in that they are being used currently and will not expire as long as we continue to use them;







 Canada: TMA 622
432 and &#8220;PULSE: NUTRITION MADE SIMPLE&#8221; &#8211; USA ONLY. U.S. No. 2819813. In general
 trademark registrations expire 10 years from the filing date or registration date
 with the exception in Canada
 where trademark registrations expire 15 years from the registration date. All trademark registrations may be renewed for a nominal fee; and







 Limeade and Coconut Water.



trade secrets and the license right described above to be of considerable value
and importance to our business.
Segment
Information

operating segment: Non-carbonated beverages; and one reportable geographic
segment: North America.
Research and
Development

ended December 31
 2015 we spent $55
674 on research and development costs associated
with the changing of PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages from gender specific
formulations to a new
 non-gender specific formulation. We believe the new formulation will have significantly wider consumer
appeal. 


seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of
many factors. Historically
 we have generated a greater percentage of our
revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of
customer purchases will vary each year and&nbsp;




one quarter to another. As a result
 we believe that period-to-period
comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should
not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected
for the entire fiscal year. 


 2014
 we had twenty-six
employees/consultants
 including Robert E. Yates
 who serves as our President
and Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer.
ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS
An investment in
our common stock is risky. You should carefully consider the following risks
as well as the other information contained in this Form 10-K
 before investing.
If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business
 business prospects
financial condition
 cash flow and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. In this case
 the trading price of our common stock
could decline
 and you might lose part or all of your investment.&nbsp;We may
amend or supplement the risk factors described below from time to time by other
reports we file with the SEC in the future.
Risk Factors Relating to Our Company and
Our Business
We rely on key
members of management
 the loss of whose services could adversely affect our
success and development.

depends to a certain degree upon key members of our management. These
individuals are a significant factor in our growth and ability to meet our
business objectives. We have an experienced management team of beverage
industry executives who have successfully launched and/or managed the
distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty years.
They have strong relationships with distributors and buyers who supply
thousands of retail outlets
 supermarkets and convenience stores. The loss of
our key management personnel could slow the growth of our business
 or cause us
to cease operations
 which may result in the total loss of an investment in our
securities.
Because we do
not have long term contractual commitments with our distributors
 our business
may be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain these important
relationships and distribute our products.

and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and performance of
our independent distributors. We will continue our efforts to reinforce and
expand our distribution network by partnering with new distributors and
replacing underperforming distributors. We have entered into written agreements
with many of our distributors in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada
 with terms ranging
from one to three years. We currently do not have
 nor do we anticipate in the
future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments
from some of our distributors. In addition
 despite the terms of the written
agreements with many of our top distributors
 there are no minimum levels of
purchases required under some of those agreements
 and most of the agreements
may be terminated at any time by us
 generally with a termination fee. We may
not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and
maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic
distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the additional possibility that we may
have to incur additional expenditures to attract and maintain key distributors
in one or more of our geographic distribution areas in order to profitably
exploit our geographic markets.

maintain our distribution network or attract additional distributors will
likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.
Because we rely
on our distributors
 retailers and brokers that distribute our competitors&#8217;
products along with our own products
 we have little control in ensuring our
product reaches customers
 which could cause our sales to suffer.

establish a market for our products in new geographic areas
 as well as
maintain and expand our existing markets
 is dependent on our ability to
establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of
our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent
a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors
retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ
sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking
retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Our ability to maintain our distribution network and
attract additional distributors
 retailers and brokers will depend on a number
of factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors include:
the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular distribution
area; our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of
competing products;&nbsp;and our ability to deliver products in the quantity
and at the time ordered by distributors
 retailers and brokers.&nbsp; 

above factors work negatively against us
 our sales will likely decline and our
results of operations will be adversely affected. 
Because our
distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us
 we need to
manage our inventory levels
 and it is difficult to predict the timing and
amount of our sales.

distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our
products. In order to reduce inventory costs
 independent distributors endeavor
to order products from us on a &#8220;just in time&#8221; basis in quantities
 and at such
times
 based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area.
Accordingly
 there is no assurance as to the timing or quantity of purchases by
any of our independent distributors or that any of our distributors will
continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as
they may have in the past. In order to be able to deliver our products on a
timely basis
 we need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired
products
 but we cannot predict the number of cases sold by any of our
distributors. If we fail to meet our shipping schedules
 we could damage our
relationships with distributors and/or retailers
 increase our shipping costs
or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost
 which would unfavorably
impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In
addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and/or retailers
is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products
 which would
also unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating
results.



Our business
plan and future growth is dependent in part on our distribution arrangements
with retailers and regional retail accounts. If we are unable to establish and
maintain these arrangements
 our results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected.

have distribution arrangements with a few regional retail accounts to
distribute our products directly through their venues. However
 there are
several risks associated with this distribution strategy. First
 we do not have
long-term agreements in place with any of these accounts and thus
 the
arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us. Accordingly
we may not be able to maintain continuing relationships with any of these
national accounts. A decision by any of these retailers
 or any large retail
accounts we may obtain
 to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease
carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation
financial condition or results of operations. In addition
 we may not be able
to establish additional distribution arrangements with other national
retailers.

 our
dependence on national and regional retail chains may result in pressure on us
to reduce our pricing to them or allow significant product discounts. Any
increase in our costs for these retailers to carry our product
 reduction in
price
 or demand for product discounts could have a material adverse effect on
our profit margin.

 our direct
to retailer distribution arrangements may have an adverse impact on our
existing relationships with our independent regional distributors
 who may view
our direct to retailer accounts as competitive with their business
 making it
more difficult for us to maintain and expand our relationships with independent
distributors.
We rely on
independent contract manufacturers of our products
 and this dependence could
make management of our marketing and distribution efforts inefficient or
unprofitable.

the plants or the equipment required to manufacture and package our beverage
products
 and do not directly manufacture our products but instead outsource
the manufacturing process to independent contract manufacturers (co-packers).
We do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future.
Currently
 our products are prepared
 bottled and packaged by two primary co-packers.
Our ability to attract and maintain effective relationships with contract
manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our
beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is important to
the success of our operations within each distribution area. Competition for
contract manufacturers&#8217; business is intense
 especially in the western U.S.
and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement
manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution
areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our
manufacturers. Our contract manufacturers may terminate their arrangements with
us at any time
 in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to
deliver products to our customers. We may not be able to maintain our
relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory
relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in
existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and
maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution
area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce
profits realized from the sale of our products in that area. In addition
 poor
relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the
amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which
would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition.

in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies
 we are
expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in
advance of anticipated requirements. We continually evaluate which of our
contract manufacturers to utilize based on the cost structure and forecasted
demand for the particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are
located. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or
the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders
are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor
orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product than warranted by
actual demand
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of
inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract
manufacturing requirements may impair relationships with our independent
distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a material
adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those
distributors and key accounts.
Our business and
financial results depend on the continuous supply and availability of raw
materials.

raw materials we use include glass bottles
 labels
 closures
 flavorings
stevia
 pure cane sugar and other natural ingredients. The costs of our
ingredients are subject to fluctuation. If our supply of these raw materials is
impaired or if prices increase significantly
 our business would be adversely affected.
Certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such contract
manufacturers to increase their charges based on certain of their own cost
increases. While certain of our raw materials
 like glass
 are based on a
fixed-price purchase commitment
 the prices of any of the above or any other
raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future and we may not
be able to pass any cost increases on to our customers.

correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for
our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may be less
precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we
materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure
sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 glass
labels
 flavors
 and natural sweeteners
 or sufficient packing arrangements
 we
might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners
have been experienced and could
 from time to time in the future
 be
experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of
our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.
Rising raw
material
 fuel and freight costs as well as freight capacity issues may have an
adverse impact on our sales and earnings.

volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in unstable fuel and freight
prices. Our shipping costs
 and particularly fuel surcharges charged by our
freight carriers
 have been increasing and we expect these costs may continue
to increase. Energy surcharges on our raw materials may continue to increase.
Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we do not anticipate that we will
be able to pass all of these increased costs on to our customers.

time
 the economy appears to be returning to pre-recession levels resulting in
the rise of freight volumes which is exacerbated by carrier failures to meet
demands and fleet reductions due to fewer drivers in the market. We may be
unable to secure available carrier capacity at reasonable rates
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our operations.



We rely upon our
ongoing relationships with our key flavor suppliers. If we are unable to source
our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers
 we could suffer
disruptions in our business.

 we
purchase our flavor concentrate from three suppliers
 and we anticipate that we
will purchase flavor concentrate from others with the intention of developing
other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. The price of our
concentrates is determined by our flavor houses
 and may be subject to change.
Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors.
Consequently
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our
flavors and concentrates and we may be unable to obtain these flavors or
concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace
a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver
products to our customers or experience a change in the taste of our products
all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
If we are unable
to maintain brand image and product quality
 or if we encounter other product
issues such as product recalls
 our business may suffer.

depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products and
effectively build up brand image for new products and brand extensions. There
can be no assurance
 however
 that additional expenditures on advertising and
marketing will have the desired impact on our products&#8217; brand image and on consumer
preferences. Product quality issues
 real or imagined
 or allegations of
product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish the image of
the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products.

because of changing government regulations; or their implementation
 or
allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time to
recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect
our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.
The inability to
attract and retain key personnel would directly affect our efficiency and
results of operations.

depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such
areas as distribution
 sales
 marketing and finance. We compete to hire new
employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and
competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased
costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or
increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly
involving our key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations
 financial
condition and employee morale.
Our
inability to protect our trademarks and trade secrets may prevent us from
successfully marketing our products and competing effectively.

protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and
adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or
defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of
significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual
property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable
value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination
of trademark and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. We are pursuing the
registration of additional trademarks in the U.S.
 Canada and internationally.
There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these
proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe or
misappropriate our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In
addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert
infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against
other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be
costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or
any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to market or sell our brands or profitably exploit our
products.
If we are unable
to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting
 our stock price and investor confidence in us could
be materially and adversely affected.

to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting that are effective. Because of its inherent limitations
internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will
prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent
limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our
controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential conditions.
The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls
could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.
Because we have losses
since inception it is difficult to evaluate your investment in our stock.

operating since February 15
 2011 and in production since September 22
 2011
and have not yet achieved positive cash flow from operations or profitability. We
have generated start-up losses to date while we build our distribution network
which could adversely affect our stock price. For the period from inception
through December 31
 2014
 we have accumulated losses in excess of $10.5
million. We face a number of risks encountered by emerging stage companies
including our need to obtain long-term sources of financing
 and our need to
manage expanding operations. Our business strategy may not be successful
 and
we may not successfully address these risks. If we are unable to achieve profitable
operations
 investors may lose their entire investment in us.
We may not be
able to successfully manage growth of our business.

success will be highly dependent upon our ability to successfully manage the
anticipated expansion of our operations. Our ability to manage and support
growth effectively will be substantially dependent on our ability to implement
adequate financial and management controls
 reporting systems and other
procedures
 and attract and retain qualified technical
 sales
 marketing
financial
 accounting
 and administrative and management personnel.

success also depends upon our ability to address potential market opportunities
while managing expenses. This need to manage our expenses will place a
significant strain on our management and operational resources. If we are
unable to manage our expenses effectively
 our business
 results of operations
and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected.



Risks
associated with acquisitions

in the future
 we could acquire beverage brands and related assets
complementary to our core business operations. Any acquisitions by us would
involve risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of assets. These risks would
include
 among other things
 the following:



  

  
    in our quarterly and annual operating results could occur due to the costs

  
    and expenses in assimilating the operations and personnel of any acquired

  
    ongoing business could be disrupted and our management&#8217;s time and attention

  
    to integrate with any acquired businesses successfully.&nbsp;


Risks Related to
our Common Stock
Our securities are
traded on the OTC Markets as a QB issuer
 which may not provide us as much liquidity
the NYSE MKT and
NASDAQ.

Markets under the QB tier (&#8220;the OTC markets&#8221;). The OTC markets are
inter-dealer
 over-the-counter markets that provide significantly less
liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national or regional exchanges.
Securities traded on these OTC markets are usually thinly traded
 highly
volatile
 have fewer market makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC&#8217;s
order handling rules
 which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities
 do not apply to
securities quoted on the OTC markets. Quotes for stocks included on the OTC markets
are not listed in newspapers. Therefore
 prices for securities traded solely on
the OTC markets may be difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be
unable to resell their securities at or near their original acquisition price
or at any price.
A sale of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.

amounts of our common stock in the public market
 the market price of our common
stock could fall.
Any future
equity or debt issuances by us may have dilutive or adverse effects on our
existing shareholders.

additional shares of common due to warrants or options being exercised that
could dilute your ownership in our company. Moreover
 any issuances by us of
equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common
stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders
 which
could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
We have not paid
dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any
returns on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock.

common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on our earnings
financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us. If we
do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable.
Our stock price
is volatile and you may not be able to sell your shares for more than what you
paid.

significant volatility
 and you may not be able to sell shares of common stock
at or above the price you paid for them. The trading price of our common stock
has been subject to fluctuations in the past. During the year ended December
31
 2014
 our common stock traded at prices as low as $0.12 per share and as
high as $0.81 per share.

market price of the common stock could continue to fluctuate in the future in
response to various factors
 including
 but not limited to:



  

  

  

  



continued to experience volatility which may further affect our stock price.
Risk Factors
Relating to Our Industry
We compete in an
industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of
our products are critical to our success.

substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products
and brands by our target market. In addition
 our business depends on
acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as
beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth.



Competition from
traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our
distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets
as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.

industry is highly competitive. Due to our small size
 it can be assumed that
many of our competitors have significantly greater financial
 technical
marketing and other competitive resources. We compete against giant names like The
Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo
 which combine for over 70% of the non-alcoholic
beverage market.
We compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but
also for shelf space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our
distributors
 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products
compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of
manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing
and distribution resources than ours.

competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded
beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our
earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other
competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our
distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and
financial targets. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater
financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse
effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market
for our products.
We compete in an
industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public
perception
 so our ability to continue developing new products to satisfy our
consumers&#8217; changing preferences will determine our long-term success.

introduce new brands
 products or product extensions into the marketplace as
current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#8217; changing preferences could
prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability.
Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#8217; preferences change over time.
Although we try to anticipate these shifts and develop new products to
introduce to our consumers
 there is no guarantee that we will succeed.
Our business is
subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly.

marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and
containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds
that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with
any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus
adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.
Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage
our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products.
Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time
and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of
anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our
business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether
labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.


ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
 Colorado 80234. We lease these
facilities on a month-to-month basis at a cost of $5
500 per month. We lease
warehouse space located in Denver for $1
750 per month
 Colorado and we sub-lease
product development space located in Burnaby
 BC
 Canada at a cost of $1
300
per month. We believe these facilities are suitable for our current needs.


 we
may be involved in legal proceedings from time to time. As of March 31
 2015
there were no known legal proceedings against us. No governmental agency has
instituted proceedings
 served
 or threatened us with any complaints.
ITEM 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURE


ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market
Information

 2011
 there was no
public trading market for our securities. On April 5
 2011
 our common stock was
quoted under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTC BB operated by FINRA and the OTCQB
operated by OTC Markets Group
 Inc.

of high and low bid prices for our common stock for each applicable quarterly
period. The table reflects inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

2014:





  


  





  First
  Quarter


  $0.81


  $0.44





  Second
  Quarter


  $0.69


  $0.40





  Third
  Quarter


  $0.48


  $0.32





  Fourth
  Quarter


  $0.37


  $0.12







2013:





  


  





  First
  Quarter


  $1.47


  $0.66





  Second
  Quarter


  $1.45


  $0.79





  Third
  Quarter


  $1.15


  $0.78





  Fourth
  Quarter


  $0.84


  $0.40




price of our common stock on the OTC BB on March 27
 2015 was $0.17 per share.
Number of
Shareholders

 2015 there were
64
326
037 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and approximately
3
000 shareholders. The transfer agent of our common stock is V-Stock Transfer
LLC
 18 Lafayette Place
 Woodmere
 NY 11958. &nbsp;


distributions to our equity owners. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on
our common stock
 but instead
 intend to utilize available cash to support the
development and expansion of our business. Any future determination relating to
our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors
and will depend on a number of factors
 including but not limited to
 future
operating results
 capital requirements
 financial condition and the terms of
any credit facility or other financing arrangements we may obtain or enter
into
 future prospects and in other factors our Board of Directors may deem
relevant at the time such payment is considered. There is no assurance that we
will be able or will desire to pay dividends in the near future or
 if
dividends are paid
 in what amount.
Stock
Repurchases

shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2014.
Securities
Issued in Unregistered Transactions

2014
 we issued the following securities in unregistered transactions:

 2014 we issued 100
000
common shares having a fair value of $36
000 pursuant to a services agreement. We relied on
exemptions from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

 2014 we issued 100
000
common shares having a 0air value of $26
000 pursuant to a services agreement. We relied on
exemptions from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

 2014 we issued 2
000
000
common shares having a fair value of $230
000 pursuant to a services agreement.
We
relied on exemptions from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.

registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 with
respect to the issuance of the shares listed above. The persons who acquired these
securities were sophisticated investors who were provided full information
regarding our business and operations. There was no general solicitation in
connection with the offer or sale of these securities. The persons acquired
these securities for their own accounts. The shares cannot be sold unless
pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption from
registration.&nbsp; No commissions were paid to any person in connection with the
issuance of these securities.


December 31
 2014
 we issued the following securities in unregistered
transactions:

 2015 we issued 10
050
000 Units at a price of $0.10 per Unit
to six US accredited investors and eleven foreign accredited investors for cash
proceeds of $1
005
000. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one-half of
a warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional
common share at a price of $0.20 per share at any time on or before March 10
2016. For the six US accredited investors we relied on exemptions from
registration under the Securities Act provided by Rule 506. For the eleven
foreign accredited investors we relied upon Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or
Regulation S of the Securities Act as these securities were issued to foreign
investors in offshore transactions
 based upon representations made by such
investors.
ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA

applicable.
ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

that follows is derived from our audited balance sheets as of December 31
 2014
and 2013 and the audited statements of operations and cash flows for the years
ended December 31
 2014 (&#8216;2014&#8221;) and December 31
 2013 (&#8220;2013&#8221;).



Statement of
Operations










  




  Gross Sales


  $3
802
136


  $3
719
890


  $82
246




  Less: Promotional allowances and slotting fees


  (438
821)


  (390
465)


  30
356




  Net Sales


  3
363
315


  3
329
425


  51
890




  Cost of Sales


  2
402
869


  2
271
271


  131
598




  
  
  



  Gross Profit


  960
446


  1
058
155


  (79
709)




  
  
  



  Expenses

  
  
  



  Advertising
 samples and displays


  136
971


  289
440


  (152
469)




  Freight-out


  391
242


  366
536


  24
706




  General and administration


  1
597
243


  1
475
915


  121
328




  Research and development


  55
674


  101
976


  (46
302)




  Salaries and benefits and broker/agent&#8217;s fees


  1
401
742


  1
418
982


  (17
240)




  Stock-based compensation


  166


  494
204


  (494
038)




  
  
  



  Total Operating Expenses


  3
583
039


  4
147
053


  (564
014)




  
  
  



  Net Loss from Operations


  (2
622
593)


  (3
088
898)


  (484
305)




  
  
  



  Total Other Expenses


  (108
733)


  (93
363)


  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 15




  Net Loss


  ($2
731
326)


  ($3
182
261)


  ($468
935)





our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade in 2012 and since then have developed a
multi-national comprehensive distribution system through more than 150
distributors in 48 States
 Canada
 Mexico
 Panama
 Bermuda and Ireland. By
establishing a multi-national distribution system
 we have secured
 in three
years
 more than 20
000 listings for our Lemonades/Limeades
and more than 5
000 listings for our Coconut Water. Some of the more notable
regional and national grocery and convenience chain stores are: Albertsons/Safeway
Walmart
 Kroger/Fred Meyer/Ralphs
 Kmart
 Circle K
 Walgreens
 7-Eleven
 Whole
Foods
 H-E-B
 Hy-Vee Supermarket
 Save Mart Supermarkets
 Hannaford
 Food City
Raley's Supermarkets
 Price Chopper Supermarkets
 WinCo Foods
 and Gelson&#8217;s
Supermarket.

operation with our first product
 Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 for three years. We
expanded this brand into Limeade
 which started selling in January
 2014
 and
into Coconut Water
 which started selling in March
 2014. Our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body brand of functional beverages
originally developed by Baxter Healthcare
 will be introduced and marketed in a
new
 non-gender-specific formulation with increased flavor profiles. We believe
the new formulation will have significantly wider distributor
 buyer and consumer
appeal.

to extended extreme cold weather during the first quarter of 2014 through much
of our US sales territory our first quarter sales were down 28% from the
comparable period in 2013. However
 our overall 2014 fiscal year was up compared
to fiscal 2013 due to our fourth quarter sales which were up 70% over the
comparable quarter in 2013. This turnaround was due to the extension of our
Natural Cabana&#174; brand into Limeade and Coconut Water. Our Lemonade/Limeade
sales were 39% more than the comparable period in 2013.

currently develop
 produce
 market
 sell and distribute our brands through our
strategic regional and international distribution system
 which includes over 85%
Class &#8220;A&#8221; distributors such as Sysco
 The Sygma Network
 Core-Mark
 Snyder&#8217;s-Lance
UNFI and distributors for Anheuser Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
RC/7-Up and Cadbury Schweppes. 

revenues
 on sale of 334
543 cases (2013 &#8211; 326
836 cases) of Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade
and Coconut Water
 before slotting fees and other promotional allowances
increased by $164
263 to $3
802
136 (2013 - $3
637
873). During 2014 our gross
revenues
 on sale of nil (2013 &#8211; 6
040) of PULSE&#174;
 before slotting fees and
other promotional allowances
 was $nil (2013 - $82
017). Net sales for all
products were $3
363
315 (2013 - $3
329
425) after slotting fees and other
promotional allowances of $438
821 (2013 - $390
465). During 2014 promotions
and slotting increased by 1% to 11.5% (2013 &#8211; 10.5%)
 as a percentage of gross
revenues. This increase is due to one-time slotting fees. We do not intend on
paying slotting fees in 2015 unless the economic benefit is considered to be of
value to us. 

increase as we expand our markets internationally into Mexico and Canada. We secured an agreement with an established Mexico
distributor in February
 2015 to distribute Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and Coconut Water to key accounts secured over the
past few months. They will initially distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water
to more than 2
800 stores in Mexico including: Soriana
 H-E-B
 7-11
 Calimax
Circlulo K
 Dax
 Smart &amp; Final
 and Farmacia Roma. We are currently in the
process of fulfilling the first order for Coconut Water sourced from our new Asian manufacturer. This order should be available for distribution during the first week of May. This new coconut water was widely taste-tested and paneled and the consensus of opinion was that it better suits the palette of North American coconut water consumers. We are planning to produce Natural Cabana&#174;
Lemonade/Limeade (&#8220;Limonada&#8221;) in a 16oz glass bottle format in a newly sourced
co-packer in Texas. Our distributor will initially distribute Natural Cabana&#174;
Coconut Water to more than 2
800 stores in Mexico including: Soriana
 H-E-B
7-Eleven
 Calimax
 Circlulo K
 Dax
 Smart &amp; Final
 and Farmacia Roma. 

distribution agreement with Unique Foods (Canada) Inc. in September
 2014 to
distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water throughout Canada. Unique Foods
(Canada) Inc. is headquartered in Montreal
 Canada with an established presence
in Atlantic and Western Canada
 Ontario and Quebec through coordinators and
multiple independent regional distributors. 


includes raw materials
 co-packing services and lab testing. Cost of sales for 2014
increased by $131
598 to $2
402
869 (2013 &#8211; $2
271
271). As a percentage of net
revenue
 cost of sales for 2014 increased by 2.9% to 71.1% (2013 &#8211; 68.2%). This
increase was due to an increase in certain raw materials and co-packing fees
and our product mix. The landed cost to manufacture Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut
Water in Thailand and ship it to ports and ultimately third party warehouses
was a higher per case cost than producing Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade at
co-packers in Oregon and Virginia. We expect all cost variables to decrease as
we source raw materials at a lower cost because of volume discounts
 ship our
product within a 500 mile radius of our co-packers
 add additional co-packers
and due to significantly lower cost coconut water sourced from our new
manufacturer in Asia. 





2014 decreased by $97
708 to $960
446 (2013 - $1
058
155). Gross profit for
2014
 as a percent of net sales
 decreased by 3.2% to 28.6% (2013 &#8211; 31.8%).
These decreases were due to increased slotting fees
 raw material costs
shipping and warehousing costs. This is a temporary dip and was due to higher
cost of sales due to an increase in certain raw materials and co-packing fees
and our product mix. The landed cost to manufacture Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut
Water in Thailand and ship it to ports and ultimately third party warehouses
was a higher per case cost than producing Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade at
co-packers in Oregon and Virginia. We expect an increase in gross profit as we
introduce PULSE&#174;
 a higher margin brand
 and decrease the cost of our coconut
water including shipping and warehousing. Additionally
 as we expand into
Canada and Mexico
 we expect higher margins in those countries. We are
eliminating some promotional programs and slotting fees which will increase our
net revenues. We expect all of these factors to have a positive effect on our
gross profit. &nbsp;&nbsp;

Advertising
samples and displays 

includes in-store sampling
 samples shipped to distributors
 display racks
 ice
barrels
 sell sheets
 shelf strips and door decals. During 2014 advertising
samples and displays expense decreased by $152
469 to $136
971 (2013 - $289
440).
As a percentage of net sales
 this expense decreased by 3.8% to 4.1% (2013 &#8211;
7.9%). We expect this expense to increase in proportion to increases in sales mainly
due to the expansion of Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water and the introduction of PULSE&#174;
Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages and due to an overall increase in
distribution reach both in the United States and internationally. 


freight-out increased by $24
706 to $391
242 (2013 - $366
536) due to overall
increases in freight charged by our carriers. On a per case basis
 freight-out increased
by $0.07 per case to $1.17 (2013 - $1.10). We expect freight-out on a per case
basis to decrease due the lower shipping cost of Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water
and PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages. Additionally
 there
will be limited freight-out charges associated with our distributor receiving
our Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water at the port of entry in Mexico.&nbsp; &nbsp;
Contribution to
fixed expenses

companies are often compared on a contribution to fixed expense basis which
includes gross profit less variables such as advertising
 samples and displays
and freight-out. This line item is not GAAP and therefore it is not disclosed
separately in our financial statements. During 2014 contribution to fixed
expense increased by $48
054 to $450
233 (2013 - $402
179). As a percentage of
net sales
 this item increased by 1.3% to 13.4% (2013 &#8211; 12.0%). We expect
contribution to fixed expenses to increase due to the reasons disclosed under
gross profit. 
General and
administrative

administration expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
consists of the following:















  Advisory
 board and consulting fees


  $120
000


  $167
146


  ($47
146)




  Amortization and depreciation


  117
314


  94
674


  22
640




  Bad debts


  24
470


  14
030


  10
440




  Legal
 professional and regulatory fees


  149
454


  159
056


  (9
602)




  Office
 rent and telephone


  235
259


  264
681


  (29
422)




  Shareholder
 broker and investor relations


  560
723


  388
703


  172
020




  Trade shows


  40
723


  12
923


  27
800




  Travel and meals


  349
300


  374
702


  (25
402)




  
  
  




  $1
597
243


  $1
475
915


  $121
328




 general
and administrative expenses increased by $121
328 to $1
597
243 (2013 - $1
475
915).
We reduced our advisory
 board and consulting fees by $47
146 due to an
advisory board member not active during 2014 and the elimination of a
consultant. Amortization and depreciation increased by $22
640 due to the
depreciation of an asset not previously depreciated. Bad debts increased by
$10
440 to $24
470 (2013 - $10
440). Bad debts
 as a percentage of gross
revenues
 are under 1%. Legal
 professional and regulatory fees decreased by
$9
602 to $149
454 due to a decrease in regulatory fees of $5
636 and a
decrease in legal fees of $3
966. Office
 rent and telephone decreased by
$29
422 to $235
259 (2013 - $264
681) due to an effort to reduce overhead. Shareholder
broker and investor relations increased by $172
020 to $560
723 (2013 -
$388
703). A total of $333
833 (2013 - $227
150) was paid for with our common
shares
 an increase of $106
683. Trade shows expense increased by $27
800 to
$40
723 (2013 - $12
923) due to our attendance at the Natural Products Expo
West Conference
 the Roth Capital Conference and the Marcum Conference. Travel
and meals decreased by $25
402 to $349
300 (2013 - $374
702) due to more travel
allocated to the two aforementioned conferences and the overall effort to
decrease overhead. We expect shareholder
 broker and investor relations expense
to dramatically decrease in 2015.
Research and
development

spent $55
674 on research and development associated with the formulation
changes made to our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages which will be introduced and marketed in a new
non-gender-specific formulation with increased flavor profiles. We believe the
new formulation will have significantly wider distributor
 buyer and consumer
appeal. 


and benefits and broker/agent&#8217;s fees decreased by $17
240 to $1
401
742 (2013 -
$1
418
982). This decrease was due to the elimination of salespeople in certain
regions offset by an increase in employee benefits. 



Stock-based
compensation

 we
charged the remaining $166 (2013 - $481
930) of stock-based compensation cost
from our stock options granted during 2012. We have no further unrecognized
stock-based compensation cost to record.

Other Income
(Expense)

impairment charge of $55
996 for old inventory written-off compared to $115
385
in 2013 due to manufacturing and display equipment we no longer intended to use.

equipment installed at one of our co-packers for $18
000 resulting in a loss on
sale of $31
764.

expense of $26
000 being the fair market value of 100
000 common shares issued
pursuant to a financing arrangement which did not materialize in a financing
acceptable to us.

recognized a forgiveness of debt gain of $nil (2013 - $6
486). 

received $8
156 (2013 - $16
702) interest income from interest earned on our
cash balances and long-term note receivable. This was offset by interest
expense of $3
129 (2013 - $1
166).


2014 decreased by $450
935 to $2
731
326
 or $0.05 per share
 compared with a
net loss for 2013 of $3
182
261
 or $0.06 per share. The decrease was a result
of our stock-based compensation expense decreasing by 481
764. Our net losses
to date
 for the most part
 continues to be the result of a concentrated effort
to establish and increase brand awareness; and establish and improve upon our
extensive nationwide and international distribution systems. Our net losses are
also due to the development of our brands including: PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body
Health
 Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade and Coconut Waters and to secure
distribution and chain store listings.
Non-GAAP
financial information not disclosed in the financial statements

net loss
 after adjustments to bring GAAP to net loss before corporation income
taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 stock-based compensation and one-time
charges (Adjusted EBITDA)
 decreased by $102
330 to $2
151
468 (2013 -
$2
253
798).
LIQUIDITY AND
CAPITAL RESOURCES


position decreased by $1
725
477 to $49
517 due to our net loss and due to
postponement of a $1
005
000 equity capital raise which was closed on March 27
2015 and subsequently increased our cash position by $905
000. During 2014 our
working capital decreased by $2
048
419 to $1
140
123 from $3
188
542. As at
December 31
 2014
 our working capital consisted of: cash of $49
517; accounts
receivable of $544
749; inventories of $1
146
120 (including finished product
of $543
548 and raw materials of $534
866 and a deposit of $67
706); and other
current assets of $283
324. We have no debt other than accounts payable of $819
722
and accrued expenses of $63
865
 and no long-term debt.

2014 our net loss was $2
731
326 (2013 - $3
182
261). This net loss is
attributed to our investment in our nationwide and international distribution
system.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for our last two
fiscal years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013:




  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2014

  

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2013

  



  Net
  cash used in operating activities

  

  ($1
797
974)

  
  

  ($2
920
456)

  



  Net
  cash used in investing activities

  

  (27
503)

  
  

  (108
056)

  



  Net
  cash provided by&nbsp;financing activities

  

  100
000

  
  

  4
058
600

  



  Net
  increase (decrease) in cash

  

  ($1
725
477)

  
  

  $1
030
088

  


Cash Used in
Operating Activities

used cash of $1
797
974 in operating activities. This was made up of the net
loss of $2
731
326 less adjustments for non-cash items such as: an asset
impairment charge of $55
996
 shares and options issued for services of $333
999
amortization and depreciation of $117
314
 bad debt allowance of $16
500
 loss
on sale of an asset of $31
764 and a financing fee of $26
000; all totaling $581
573.
After non-cash items
 the net loss was $2
149
753. Our net cash used in
operating activities was reduced by $333
779 due to an increase in accounts
receivable of $134
216
 an increase in inventory of $10
767
 a decrease in
prepaid expenses of $19
777 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued
expenses of $482
169.&nbsp; 

used $2
920
456 for operating activities. This was made up of the net loss of $3
182
261
less adjustments for non-cash items such as: an asset impairment charge of
$115
385
 shares and options issued for services of $790
987
 amortization and
depreciation of $94
674
 forgiveness of debt of $6
486 and bad debt allowance
of $13
680; all totaling $1
008
240. After non-cash items
 the net loss was $2
174
021.
We also used $746
435in net increases in operating assets and liabilities. We
used $242
324 due to an increase in accounts receivable and $457
247 due to
increased inventory levels
 both due to a significant increase in sales during
2013. We used $13
560 to decrease accounts payable and accrued expenses
 and we
used $37
170 prepaying expenses such as slotting fees.
Cash Used in
Investing Activities

used cash of $27
503 in investing activities. A total of $14
089 was spent on
label printing plates and office equipment. We spent $36
706 on formulation
testing
 trademarking and label design associated with bringing our brands into
commercial production. We received $18
000 from the sale of a piece of
manufacturing equipment and we received $5
292 in principal repayments against
our long-term loan due from Catalyst Development
 Inc.




used $108
056 for investing activities. A total of $36
640 was spent on label
cutting dies
 warehouse machinery
 office equipment
 coolers and delivery
vehicles. We spent $45
575 on formulation
 testing
 trademarking and label
design associated with bringing our brands into commercial production. We spent
$30
925 on upgrading our corporate website and on line sales presence. We
received $5
084 in principal repayments against our long-term loan due from
Catalyst Development
 Inc. 
Cash Provided by
Financing Activities

 2015 we sold 10
050
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash
proceeds of $1
005
000 of which $100
000 was received as at December 31
 2014
and $905
000 was received subsequently. Each Unit consisted of one common share
and one-half of a warrant. Each whole warrant allows the holder to purchase one
additional share at a price of $0.20 per share at any time on or before March
10
 2016. &nbsp;&nbsp;

2013 we received $4
058
600 from financing activities: We received $3
946
100
net of $156
600 share issuance costs
 and issued 10
256
750 Units at a price of
$0.40 per Unit; we received $100
000 and issued 125
000 Units at a price of $0.80
per Units; and we received $12
500 and issued 25
000 shares pursuant to stock
options exercised. &nbsp;
Additional
Capital

31
 2014
 we had $1
140
123 in working capital
 including $49
517 in cash. On March 27
 2015 we sold 10
050
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash
proceeds of $1
005
000 of which $100
000 was received as at December 31
 2014
and $905
000 was received subsequently. Each Unit consisted of one common share
and one-half of a warrant. Each whole warrant allows the holder to purchase one
additional share at a price of $0.20 per share at any time on or before March
10
 2016. 

of March 31
 2015
 we believe that our current cash will be sufficient to meet
our anticipated cash needs through the first half of 2016. As of March 31
2015
 we have obtained an additional $905
000 in equity financing to meet our
working capital needs. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014
 we made
significant reductions in operating expenses and personnel. Thus in 2015 we
will be better able to align our operations with available capital and slow our
cash used in operations. We believe that these cost controls and realigned
expenses are strategically important to further our long-term viability. 

intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to
respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy.
We believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be made
available to us to support our working capital needs in the future. These
alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs
or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. 

believe that the existing amount of working capital as of December 31
 2014 and
the additional amount of equity financing obtained in the first quarter of 2015
is sufficient to alleviate the uncertainties relating to our ability to
successfully execute on our business plan and finance our operations through
the middle of 2016.&nbsp; Our financial statements for the years presented were
prepared assuming we will continue in operation for the foreseeable future and
will be able to realize assets and settle liabilities and commitments in the
normal course of business. 
OFF BALANCE-SHEET
ARRANGEMENTS

 and at December 31
 2014
do not have
 any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably
likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes
in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based
upon our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
(US GAAP). This preparation requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
revenues and expenses
 and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates
 assumption
and disclosures. We choose accounting policies within US GAAP that management
believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results
and financial position in a consistent manner. Management regularly assesses
these policies in light of current and forecasted economic conditions. While
there are a number of significant accounting policies affecting our financial
statements
 we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the
most complex
 difficult and subjective estimates and judgments:


financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting
period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful
life and recoverability of long-lived assets
 stock-based compensation
 and
deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and
assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which
form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and
liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent
from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially
and adversely from our estimates.
Intangible
Assets

assets are comprised primarily of the cost of formulations of our products and
of trademarks that represent our exclusive ownership of Natural Cabana&#174;
 PULSE&#174;
and PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&#174;
 all used in connection with the manufacture
sale and distribution of our beverages. We evaluate our trademarks annually for
impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an
indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to
amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of
the asset.&nbsp; An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible
asset to its fair value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value
is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated expected
future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of
assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on our impairment
analysis performed for the year ended December 31
 2013
 the estimated fair
values of trademarks and other intangible assets exceeded their respective
carrying values. 





employees in accordance with ASC 718
 &#8220;Stock Compensation&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;).
Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock
options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the statement of
operations based on their fair values at the date of grant.&nbsp; 

non-employees in accordance with ASC 718 and Topic 505-50
 &#8220;Equity-Based
Payments to Non-Employees.&#8221; Stock-based payments to non-employees include
grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are
recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of
the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured
at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.

grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The
amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the
value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest.&nbsp; ASC
718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted
and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees
 and revised
 if
necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those
estimates.&nbsp; The term &#8220;forfeitures&#8221; is distinct from &#8220;cancellations&#8221; or
&#8220;expirations&#8221; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock
option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when
calculating the expense for the period.&nbsp; In estimating the forfeiture rate
 we
monitor both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination
patterns.&nbsp; 

expense for both employee and non-employee awards is generally recognized on a
straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.
RECENTLY ISSUED
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

assess any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability to
its operations and financial reporting. Where it is determined that a new
accounting pronouncement affects our financial reporting
 we undertake a study
to determine the consequence of the change to our financial statements and
assure that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that our financial
statements properly reflect the change.


the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting
Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2015-1
 &#8220;Income Statement - Extraordinary and
Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by
Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&#8221; This ASU eliminates from U.S.
GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal
years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December
15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do not
expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial
position
 results of operations or cash flows.


the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements -
Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to
management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt
about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after
December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual periods thereafter. Early
application is permitted. The adoption of
ASU 2014-15 did not have a material effect on our financial position
 results
of operations or cash flows. As a result of adopting ASU 2014-15
 we have
provided additional disclosure in our footnote 1 related to liquidity.


the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic
718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide
That a Performance Target Could Be achieved after the Requisite Service
Period.&#8221; This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting and
that could be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a
performance condition. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a
material effect on its financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.


 the
FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic
606).&#8221; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into
contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts
for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the
scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU
2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and
interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016. We are
still evaluating the effect of the adoption of ASU 2014-09.


the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &#8220;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit
When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit
Carryforward Exists.&#8221; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the
presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows for the reduction of a
deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforward whenever the
NOL or tax credit carryforward would be available to reduce the additional
taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11 is
effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after
December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in January 2014 did not have any
effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

ITEM 7A.&nbsp; QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



2014
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Pulse Beverage Corporation
Colorado

sheet of The Pulse Beverage Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
2014
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2014. The Company&#8217;s management
is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged
to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our
audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of The Pulse Beverage Corporation as of December 31
 2014
 and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

LLP
York
 New York
30
 2015
2013
REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Pulse Beverage Corporation
Colorado

sheet of The Pulse Beverage Corporation (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
2013
 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity
and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2013. The Company&#8217;s management
is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. 

with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged
to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our
audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 the financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial
position of The Pulse Beverage Corporation as of December 31
 2013
 and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31
2013 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.
/s/L.L.
Bradford &amp; Company
L.L.
Bradford &amp; Company
 LLC
Vegas
 Nevada
31
 2014



As of December 31
 2014 and 2013



  

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  
  

  

  



  ASSETS

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Current Assets:

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  

774

  







  
  


  





146

  
  

187

  






  
  


  






  
  


  




  
  
  
  
  





023

  
  

589

  



 net of accumulated depreciation of $174
613 and  $88
740




  
  


  




  
  
  
  
  







  
  


  



 net of accumulated amortization of $85
669 and  $54



156

  
  

150

  





333

  
  

333

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Assets

  

623

  
  

263

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  LIABILITIES AND
  STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; EQUITY

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Current Liabilities:

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Current Liabilities

  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Stockholders&#8217; Equity:

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Preferred Stock
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value
 none
  issued

  
  
  
  
  
  



  Common Stock
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.00001 par value&nbsp;54
276
037 and 51
654
135 issued and outstanding
 respectively (Note 7)

  
  
  
  
  
  



  Additional Paid-in Capital

  

177

  
  

668

  



  Subscriptions received (Note 7)

  


  
  
  
  



  Accumulated Deficit

  

538

  
  

806

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Stockholders&#8217; Equity

  

740

  
  

862

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Liabilities and Stockholders&#8217; Equity

  

623

  
  

263

  



statements)



For the Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



  

  
  
  

  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  

802

  
  

719

  




  


  
  


  




  

363

  
  

329

  




  

402

  
  

271

  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  


  
  

058

  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  







  
  


  






  
  


  





597

  
  

475

  






  
  


  





401

  
  

418

  




  
  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  

583

  
  

147

  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  

622

  
  

088

  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  


  






  
  
  
  




  
  
  


  







  
  


  






  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  

731

  
  

182

  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Weighted Average Shares Outstanding &#8211; Basic and

  

007

  
  

850

  



statements)



Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013




  &nbsp; Shares
  &nbsp; #


  &nbsp; Amount


  Additional 
  Paid-in 
  Capital


  Subscriptions


  Accumulated


  Total
  Stockholders&#8217;




  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Balance &#8211; December 31
 2012


701

  

817

  

624


193




  Shares issued for cash at $0.40


256

  

102

  
  

102




  Shares issued for share issuance costs at $0.40

  
  
  
  
  
  



  Shares issued for debt settlement at $0.40



  


  
  





  Shares issued for cash at $0.80



  


  
  





  Shares issued for services rendered or to be rendered at an average
  fair value of $0.95



  


  
  





  Shares issued for cash - exercise of stock options



  


  
  





  Share issuance costs

  
  


  
  





  Stock-based compensation

  
  


  
  





  Net loss

  
  
  
  

182


182




  
  
  
  
  
  



  Balance &#8211; December 31
 2013


654

  

668

  

806


862




  Shares issued for services rendered or to be rendered in a future
  period at an average fair value of $0.95


621

  


  
  





  Common stock issuable

  
  
  


  





  Stock-based compensation

  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net loss

  
  
  
  

731


731




  
  
  
  
  
  



  Balance &#8211; December 31
 2014


276

  

177




538


740




statements)



For the Years Ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



  
  

  
  
  
  



  Cash flow from Operating Activities

  
  
  
  
  
  





731

  
  

182

  




  
  
  
  
  






  
  


  






  
  


  






  
  


  






  
  
  
  




  
  
  


  






  
  
  
  






  
  


  




  
  
  
  
  






  
  


  






  
  


  






  
  


  






  
  


  






  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Cash Used in Operating Activities

  

797

  
  

920

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Cash flow to Investing Activities

  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  


  






  
  


  






  
  
  
  






  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Cash Flow from Financing Activities

  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  





  
  
  

058

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities

  


  
  

058

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  (Decrease) Increase in Cash

  

725

  
  

030

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Cash - Beginning of Year

  

774

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Cash - End of Year

  


  
  

774

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Non-cash Financing and Investing Activities:

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  







  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Supplemental Disclosures:

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  


  




  
  
  
  
  



statements)













 2006. On February 15
 2011 Darlington Mines Ltd. closed a voluntary share exchange transaction with a private Colorado company
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation
 which was formed on March 17
2010
 by and among us
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation and the stockholders of The Pulse Beverage Corporation. The Pulse Beverage Corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary. On February 16










 2014
 we had cash of $49
517 and working capital of $1
140
123. As of March 31
 2015
 we have obtained an additional $905
000 in equity financing to meet our working capital needs. Cash used in operations during the year ended December 31
 2014 totaled $1
797
974 compared to $2
920
456 for 2013. The decrease in cash used in operations compared to 2013 is primarily driven by achieving greater operational efficiencies and reducing operating expenses plus increasing sales as well as receiving credit from our suppliers. We incurred a net loss of $2
731
326 for the year ended December 31
 2014





 2015
 we believe that our current cash will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs through the first half of 2016. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014

































 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results









 2014









 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount we believe will ultimately be collected. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&#8217; outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $16
500 and $13
680 as at December 31
 2014 and 2013












 production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market and economic conditions or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally
 our estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate









 equipment and leasehold improvements are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in the Statements of Operations. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Equipment consists of bottle molds
 office and warehouse equipment
 and display coolers









 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#8221;  ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset
 including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&#8217;s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. In 2013 we recognized an impairment of $115









 &#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221; and &#8220;PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&#174;&#8221;; all used in connection with the manufacture
 sale and distribution of our beverages. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013









 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers. Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases
 ownership of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors
 passes to such distributors when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales have been determined after deduction of discounts
 slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC 605-50. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date
































 we have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result











 2014 and 2013
 we incurred advertising costs of $136
971 and $289
440




















 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active













 accounts and loans receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments approximate their fair values as of December 31









 deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized





 depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The determination of taxes payable for the current year includes estimates. The Company believes that it has appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on its tax returns and that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31









 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we exceeded insurance limits by $nil and $1
534
703





 2014 there was one individual customer with a balance in excess of 10% of the accounts receivable totaling 25% and 35% of the balance in 2014 and 2013









 &#8220;Stock Compensation&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;). Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock





 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&#8221; Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock





 and revised
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &#8220;forfeitures&#8221; is distinct from &#8220;cancellations&#8221; or &#8220;expirations&#8221; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate
















 2014 and 2013
 the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued
 as at December 31
 2014 and 2013 is 23
309


















 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2015-1
 &#8220;Income Statement - Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&#8221; This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial position









 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40). ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to management's responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 did not have a material effect on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. As a result of adopting ASU 2014-15









 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
 &#8220;Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&#8221; This ASU requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. ASU 2014-12 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a material effect on its financial position









 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
 &#8220;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&#8221; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15









 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
 &#8220;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit Carryforward Exists.&#8221; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows for the reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&#8220;NOL&#8221;) carryforward whenever the NOL or tax credit carryforward would be available to reduce the additional taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11 is effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in January 2014 did not have any effect on our financial position












  Accounts

  

  

  
  

  

  




  Trade accounts receivable

  


  
  


  




  Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts

  


  
  


  




  Trade accounts receivable - net

  


  
  


  




  Volume rebate receivable

  
  
  
  


  




  Due from a co-packer

  


  
  


  




  


  
  


  















  Inventories

  

  

  
  

  

  




  Finished goods

  


  
  


  




  Deposit on finished goods

  


  
  
  
  




  Finished goods in transit

  
  
  
  


  




  Raw Materials

  


  
  


  




  

146

  
  

187

  











000 to a company owned by our Chief of Product Development. The loan bears interest at a rate of 4% per annum and matures on May 16
 2016 when a final payment of $174
000 is due. Catalyst repays this loan on a monthly basis at $1
055 principal and interest. As of December 31
 2014
 the remaining principal balance due is $182
738 of which $5
506 is current and included in Other current assets
 the balance of $177












  Property and equipment consists of the

  

  

  
  

  

  




  Manufacturing
 warehouse
 display equipment
  and molds

  


  
  


  




  Office equipment and furniture

  


  
  


  




  Mobile display unit and vehicles

  


  
  


  




  Less: depreciation

  


  
  


  




  Total Property and Equipment

  


  
  


  





 2014 and 2013
 depreciation expense was $85
873 and $64
077






  
  
  
  
  
  




  Formulations and manufacturing methods

  


  
  


  




  Trademarks
 side-panel rights and patents

  


  
  


  




  Website

  


  
  


  




  Less: amortization

  


  
  


  




  Total Intangible Assets

  

156

  
  

150

  





 2014 and
2013
 amortization expense was $31
441 and $30
597
 respectively. Estimated
amortization expense to be recorded for the next five fiscal years and

  




  2015


  $68
000





  2016


  $90
000





  2017


  $133
000





  2018


  $175
000





  2019


  $210
000





  Thereafter


  $480
115



















621
902 common shares
 having an aggregate fair value of $0.95 per share
 pursuant to service agreements; and







000
000 common shares pursuant to subscriptions of $100
000 received as at December 31
 2014. See Subsequent Events Note 14 for further subscriptions received and Units issued.












102
700 pursuant to our $0.40 Unit offering. We issued a total of 10
256
750 $0.40 Units. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional share at $0.65 per share at any time on or before February 22
 2016;










000 Units at $0.80 per Unit for $100
000. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional share at $1.00 per share expiring April 18
 2016;







333 of debt owing to two Advisory Board Members and a director by issuing 58
333 at $0.40 per unit. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.65 per share expiring February 22
 2016;







650 common shares having an aggregate fair value of $0.84 per share for consulting services;







000 common share purchase warrants to purchase an additional common share at $0.65 expiring February 22
 2016;







000 common shares
 having a fair value of $1.42 per share
 as compensation for introduction to an investor; and







000 common shares at $0.50 per share for $12
500 cash pursuant to a consultant exercising a stock option.











 2011
 the Shareholders amended our Articles of Incorporation to authorize the issuance of 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001
 issuable in series with rights
 preferences and limitations to be determined by the Board of Directors from time to time. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013











 2014 we had 20
234











 2011
We have a 2011 Equity Incentive Plan
(the &#8220;2011 Plan) under which we are authorized to grant up to a total of
4
500
000 shares of common stock. Further
 the 2011 Plan authorizes our Board
of Directors to grant options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock awards
and stock appreciation rights as compensation for services rendered. 

 3
200
000 stock options were awarded as follows: 


 2012 we granted stock
    options to our two senior officers/directors to purchase 1
450
000 common
    shares at $0.50 per common share expiring on or before April 30
 2017. A total
    of 1
000
000 stock options were awarded to our Chief Executive Officer
 Robert
    E. Yates
 which were valued at $370
608 of which $289
370 was recorded as
    stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012 and $81
238
    was recorded as stock-based compensation during the year ended December 31
    2013. A total of 450
000 stock options were awarded to our Vice President
    Parley Sheya
 which were valued at $166
774 of which $130
216 was recorded as
    stock-based compensation and $36
558 was recorded as stock-based compensation
    during the year ended December 31

  
 2012 we granted stock
    options to an independent director to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50
    per common share expiring on or before April 30
 2017. As a result of the
    director&#8217;s resignation on May 2
 2013
 the remaining unvested stock options
    totaling 25
000
 were forfeited and on August 2
 2013
 being 90 days after the
    director resigned
 the vested and unexercised stock options
 totaling 75
000

  
 2012 we granted stock
    options to an employee and three consultants to purchase 1
550
000 common
    shares at $0.50 per common share expiring on or before April 30

  
 2012 we granted a
    stock option to a consultant to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50 per
    common share on or before July 30
 2017. All of these options became fully
    vested by April 30
 2013. On
    May 21
 2013 we issued 25
000 common



 2014 all incentive stock options had
vested and there was no unrecognized stock based compensation. 

summarizes all unexercised options
 stock that has not vested
 and equity
incentive plan awards for each named executive officer as of December 31
 2014:




  EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END



  OPTION


  STOCK






  Number
  of 
  Securities 
  Underlying 
  Unexercised 
  Options
  (#)


  Number
  of 
  Securities 
  Underlying 
  Unexercised 
  Options
  (#)


  Equity
    
    Incentive&nbsp;Plan 
    Awards:
    Number
    of
    Securities 
    Underlying 
    Unexercised
    
    Unearned Options


  Option
    
    Exercise 
    &nbsp;Price


  Option
    
    Expiration 


  Number
    
    of 
    Shares
    or Units
    of Stock
    That
    Have 
    Not 
    Vested


  Market
    
    Value 
    of 
    Shares 
    or 
    Units
    of 
    Stock 
    That 
    Have 
    Not
    Vested


  Equity
  Incentive
  Unearned 
  &nbsp;Shares
 
  Units or
  Other 
  Rights That 
  Have 
  Not Vested


  Equity
  Incentive
  Plan Awards: 
  Market or 
  Payout Value 
  of Unearned 
  Shares
 Units
  or
  Other 
  Rights That 
  Have
  Not &nbsp;Vested 




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  1
000




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  450



















Compensation of
Directors 

compensation of our directors for the year ended December 31
 2014. The table
below summarizes all compensation of our directors for the year ended December
31
 2013:



  Name 


  Fees Earned 
  or 
  Paid in 
  Cash 


  Stock 
  Awards


  Option 
  Awards


  Non-Equity 
  Incentive 
  Plan 
  Compensation


  Non-Qualified
  Deferred
  Compensation
  Earnings


  All 
  Other
  Compensation


  Total




  
  
  
  
  
  
  







  3


  37








  40




our directors
 who also act as senior management/officers
 any fees or other
compensation for acting as directors during our fiscal year ended December 31
2014 and 2013. 




2011
 we entered into a Director&#8217;s Agreement with Francis Chiew which provided
for a fee of $5
000 per quarter. During fiscal 2013 Mr. Chiew elected to
convert unpaid fees of $3
333 into 8
333 $0.40 Units. Each Unit consisted of
one common share and one warrant. Each warrant allows the holder to acquire one
common share at an exercise price of $0.65 expiring February 22
 2016. 

are reimbursed for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in attending meetings of the board.
ITEM 12.
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned
beneficially as of March 31
 2015 by: (i) each person (including any group)
known to us to own more than 5% of any class of our voting securities
 (ii)
each of our directors
 (iii) each of our officers and (iv) our officers and
directors as a group. Except as otherwise indicated
 each shareholder listed
possess sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown.




  and address
  











  Westminster


160





  
  



 Northglenn







  
  




773





326
037 shares
of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 31
 2015.

333 common shares are held of record by
Jonni K. Yates
 the wife of Mr. Yates.
Securities
Authorized For Issuance under Compensation Plans 

forth below present&#8217;s information relating to our equity compensation plans as
of the date of December 31
 2013:



  



  of Securities to be
  Issued Upon Exercise of
  Outstanding Options
 
  Warrants and
  Rights 
  (a)



  
  Exercise Price of
  Outstanding Options

  Warrants and Rights
  (b)



  of Securities 
  Remaining Available for 
  Future Issuance Under
  Equity Compensation
  Plans 
  (excluding column (a))



  2011 Equity Incentive
  Plan


  3
075
000


  $0.50


  1
300
000



ITEM 13. CERTAIN
RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
Related Party
Transactions

transactions with related parties during the year ended December 31
 2014.
Review
 Approval
and Ratification of Related Party Transactions

has responsibility for establishing and maintaining guidelines relating to any
transactions with our officers or directors. Any related party transaction with
a director or officer must be referred to the non-interested directors
 if any
for approval. We intend to adopt written guidelines for the board of directors
which will set forth the requirements for review and approval of any related
party transactions.
Director
Independence

directors is independent
 as that term is defined in Section 803 of the listing
standards of the NYSE MKT.
Conflicts
Relating to Officers and Directors

 we do
not believe that there are any conflicts of interest involving our officers or
directors. With respect to transactions involving real or apparent conflicts of
interest
 we have adopted policies and procedures which require that: (i) the
fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be
disclosed or known to the directors who authorize or approve the transaction
prior to such authorization or approval
 (ii) the transaction be approved by a
majority of our disinterested outside directors
 and (iii) the transaction be
fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our
directors.


a summary of the fees billed to us by L.L. Bradford &amp; Company
 LLC during
2014 and 2013. We were not charged any fees during 2014 and 2013 by RBSM
 LLP
our current auditors
 who were appointed on February 24
 2015:



  


  


  




  Audit
  Fees


  $

  

  $

  






  35
000

  

  33
000




  Audit-Related
  Fees

  

  15
500

  

  15
000




  Tax
  Fees

  

  4
200

  

  6
000




  All
  Other Fees

  

  -

  

  -




  Total
  Fees


  $


  54
700


  $


  56
000






 consist of fees
billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our financial
statements and review of our interim financial statements included in quarterly
reports and services that are normally provided by our auditors in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements.
Audit Related
Fees
consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements
and are not reported under Audit Fees.
 consist of fees
billed for professional services for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax
planning.&nbsp;&nbsp;
 consist of fees
for products and services other than the services reported above. There were no
management consulting or other services provided in fiscal 2014 or 2013.
Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures

not have a designated Audit Committee
 and accordingly
 our Board of Directors'
policy is to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided
by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services
audit-related services
 tax services and other services. Pre-approval is
generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed as to
the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a
specific budget. The independent auditors and management are required to periodically
report to our Board of Directors regarding the extent of services provided by
the independent auditors in accordance with this pre-approval
 and the fees for
the services performed to date. Our Board of Directors may also pre-approve
particular services on a case-by-case basis.

Directors has considered whether the provision of non-audit services is
compatible with maintaining the principal accountant's independence.

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

as part of this Report are as follows:

Statements: The financial statements
 related notes and the reports of the independent
registered public accounting firms are included in Item 8 of Part II of this
2014 Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K.

Statement Schedules: All schedules have been omitted because they are not
applicable or not required
 or the required information is included in the
financial statements or notes thereto.

required exhibits are included at the end of this Report and are described in
the exhibit index.
EXHIBIT
INDEX



  
  

  



  &nbsp;2.1 
  

  Share Exchange
  Agreement dated February 15




  &nbsp;3.1 
  

  Articles of
  Merger dated February 17




  &nbsp;3.2 
  

  Articles of




  &nbsp;3.3 
  





  &nbsp;&nbsp; 10.1 
  

  The Pulse




  31.1*
  
  
  
  Certification
  of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)
  



  31.2*  
  
  
  Certification
  of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a)  



  32.1*  
  
  
  Certification
  of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
  Section 1350  


  
  
  




  

  XBRL Instance





  

  XBRL Taxonomy





  

  XBRL Taxonomy





  

  XBRL Taxonomy





  

  XBRL Taxonomy





  

  XBRL Taxonomy




herewith




 2011






 2007






 2012







with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto
duly authorized.

2015

Beverage Corporation


Yates
Executive Officer (principal executive officer)

Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed by the following persons on
behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



  


  


  









  Robert
  E. Yates


  President
  Chief Executive Officer
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer
 and Director


  March
  31
 2015









  Parley Sheya


  Director


  March
  31
 2015
























 Robert E.
  Yates
 hereby certify that:

  reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Pulse Beverage Corporation;

  knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
  or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
  light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not
  misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

  knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included
  in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
  condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and
  for
 the periods presented in this report;

  registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
  and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
  Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
  (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
  and have:

  such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and
  procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
  information relating to the registrant
 including its&nbsp; subsidiaries
 is made
  known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in
  which this report is being prepared;

  such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control
  over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
  reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
  preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
  generally accepted accounting principles;

  the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and
  presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
  disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
  report based on such evaluation; and

  this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial
  reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the
  registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
  materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the
  registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

  registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most
  recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
  registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of
  directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

  significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control over
  financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
  registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
  information; and

 whether or not
  material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
  role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



      March 31

    




      E. Yates
      Principal
      Executive Officer
























 Robert E.
  Yates
 hereby certify that:

  reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Pulse Beverage Corporation;

  knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
  or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
  light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not
  misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

  knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included
  in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
  condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and
  for
 the periods presented in this report;

  registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing
  and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
  Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
  (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
  and have:

  such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and
  procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
  information relating to the registrant
 including its&nbsp; subsidiaries
 is made
  known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in
  which this report is being prepared;

  such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control
  over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
  reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
  preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
  generally accepted accounting principles;

  the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and
  presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
  disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
  report based on such evaluation; and

  this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial
  reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the
  registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
  materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the
  registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting; and

  registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed
 based on our most
  recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's
  auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons
  performing the equivalent functions):

  significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal control over
  financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
  registrant's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
  information; and

 whether or not
  material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant
  role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.



      March 31

    




      E. Yates
      Principal
      Financial Officer























  PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

  section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of
  section 1350
 chapter 63 of title 18
 United States Code)
 the undersigned
  officer of The Pulse Beverage Corporation
 a Nevada corporation (the
  Company)
 does hereby certify
 to the best of his knowledge
 that:

  Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2014 (the
  Report) of the Company complies in all material respects with the
  requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
  as amended; and

  information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
  the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.


  Principal
  Executive and Financial Officer
  Date: March 31
  2015

















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        
        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    

    



    
    
    
    

    


    
    

    



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



 2006. On February 15
 2011 Darlington Mines Ltd.&#13;closed a voluntary share exchange transaction with a private Colorado company
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation
 which was formed&#13;on March 17
2010
 by and among us
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation and the stockholders of The Pulse Beverage Corporation. The Pulse&#13;Beverage Corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary. On February 16
 2011 Darlington&amp;#146;s name was changed to &amp;#147;The Pulse&#13;Beverage Corporation&amp;#148;.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We manufacture and distribute&#13;Natural Cabana&amp;#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and Coconut Water and PULSE&amp;#174; Heart &amp;#38; Body Health functional beverages. Our products&#13;are distributed domestically in a majority of the states primarily through a series of distribution agreements with various independent&#13;local and regional distributors.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31
 2014
&#13;we had cash of $49
517 and working capital of $1
140
123. As of March 31
 2015
 we have obtained an additional $905
000 in equity&#13;financing to meet our working capital needs. Cash used in operations during the year ended&amp;#160;December 31
 2014 totaled $1
797
974&#13;compared to $2
920
456 for 2013. The decrease in cash used in operations compared to 2013 is primarily driven by achieving greater&#13;operational efficiencies and reducing operating expenses plus increasing sales as well as receiving credit from our suppliers.&amp;#160;We&#13;incurred a net loss of $2
731
326 for the year ended December 31
 2014
 which is significantly less than the prior year.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;As of March 31
 2015
&#13;we believe that our current cash will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs through the first half of 2016. Beginning&#13;in the fourth quarter of 2014
 we made significant reductions in operating expenses and personnel. Thus in 2015 we will be better&#13;able to align our operations with available capital and slow our cash used in operations. We believe that these cost controls and&#13;realigned expenses are strategically important to further our long-term viability.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We intend to continually&#13;monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy.&#13;We believe various debt and equity financing alternatives will be made available to us to support our working capital needs in&#13;the future. These alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to&#13;our existing shareholders.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We believe that the existing&#13;amount of working capital as of December 31


 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions&#13;on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the&#13;results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs&#13;and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely&#13;from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results

 2014

 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated&#13;amount we believe will ultimately be collected. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&amp;#146; outstanding balances less&#13;any allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that&#13;are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written-off against&#13;the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $16
500 and $13
680 as at December 31
 2014 and 2013

 production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s)&amp;#160;concerned.&#13;Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes&#13;in consumer preferences
 general market and economic conditions or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders&#13;or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally
 our&#13;estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate

 equipment and leasehold improvements&#13;are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed&#13;as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are&#13;relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in the&#13;Statements of Operations. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Equipment&#13;consists of bottle molds
 office and warehouse equipment
 and display coolers

 &amp;#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&amp;#148; ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires&#13;that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost&#13;carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating&#13;the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset
 including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less&#13;than the carrying value of the asset
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&amp;#146;s carrying&#13;value and fair value or disposable value. In 2013 we recognized an impairment of $115

&#13;&amp;#147;PULSE&amp;#174;&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&amp;#174;&amp;#148;; all used in connection with the manufacture
 sale&#13;and distribution of our beverages. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment.&#13;If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair&#13;value with the carrying amount of the asset.&amp;#160;An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair&#13;value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated&#13;expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future&#13;conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013

 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable&#13;and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to&#13;customers. Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases
 ownership&#13;of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors
 passes to such distributors&#13;when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales&#13;have been determined after deduction of discounts
 slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC 605-50.&lt;/font&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited&#13;instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date


 we have generated a greater percentage&#13;of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and&#13;sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result

 2014 and 2013
 we incurred advertising costs of $136
971 and $289
440

 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that&#13;are not active

 accounts and loans receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments&#13;approximate their fair values as of December 31

 deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial&#13;statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset&#13;or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset&#13;or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will not be realized
 a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more&#13;likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes&#13;in the period of change.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Deferred&#13;income taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and&#13;tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification of&#13;assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset&#13;or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected&#13;to reverse.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The determination of taxes payable for the current&#13;year includes estimates. The Company believes that it has appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
&#13;on its tax returns and that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors&#13;including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income&#13;tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31

 which&#13;potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary&#13;cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.&#13;As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we exceeded insurance limits by $nil and $1
534
703
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We review a customer&amp;#146;s credit history&#13;before extending credit. As at and for the year ended December 31
 2014 there was one individual customer with a balance in excess&#13;of 10% of the accounts receivable totaling 25% and 35% of the balance in 2014 and 2013

 &amp;#147;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;). Stock-based payments&#13;to employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the statement of&#13;operations based on their fair values at the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We account for stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 718 and Topic 505-50
 &amp;#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&amp;#148; Stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the&#13;consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as&#13;measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate the fair&#13;value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation&#13;recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires&#13;forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees
 and revised
&#13;if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &amp;#147;forfeitures&amp;#148; is distinct&#13;from &amp;#147;cancellations&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;expirations&amp;#148; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock&#13;option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating&#13;the forfeiture rate

 2014 and 2013
 the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is&#13;the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially&#13;dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued
 as at December 31
 2014 and&#13;2013 is 23
309


 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2015-1
 &amp;#147;Income Statement - Extraordinary&#13;and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&amp;#148;&#13;This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do&#13;not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
&#13;&amp;#34;Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)&amp;#34;. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to management's&#13;responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide&#13;related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual&#13;periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 did not have a material effect on our financial&#13;position
 results of operations or cash flows. As a result of adopting ASU 2014-15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#13;&amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide&#13;That a Performance Target Could Be achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&amp;#148; This ASU requires that a performance target&#13;that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. ASU 2014-12&#13;is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a material effect on its financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
&#13;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters&#13;into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless&#13;those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09 is effective&#13;for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
&#13;&amp;#147;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit&#13;Carryforward Exists.&amp;#148; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows&#13;for the reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carryforward whenever the NOL or tax credit&#13;carryforward would be available to reduce the additional taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11&#13;is effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in&#13;January 2014 did not have any effect on our financial position


355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$396

500)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(13

855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;382


894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$544
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$427


548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$398



866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;734
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$1
146
120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$1
187


 warehouse
 display equipment and molds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$272
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$261

194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;33

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;133

613)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(88

553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$340

 2014 and 2013
 depreciation&#13;        expense was $85
873 and $64
077

534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$779
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Trademarks
 side-panel rights and patents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;388
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;362

675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;62

669)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(54

156
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$1
150
851&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 25.5pt&gt;For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
&#13;amortization expense was $31
441 and $30
597








 2014 are:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued a total of 2
621
902 common shares
 having an aggregate fair&#13;value of $0.95 per share
 pursuant to service agreements; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;reserved 1
000
000 common shares pursuant to subscriptions of $100
000&#13;received as at December 31
 2014. See Subsequent Events Note 14 for further subscriptions received and Units issued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 14.2pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Equity&#13;transactions during the year ended December 31

102
700 pursuant to our $0.40&#13;Unit offering. We issued a total of 10
256
750 $0.40 Units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt; &lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Each&#13;Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional share at $0.65&#13;per share at any time on or before February 22
 2016;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 125
000 Units at $0.80 per Unit for $100
000. Each Unit consisted&#13;of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one additional share at $1.00 per share expiring&#13;April 18
 2016;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;settled $23
333 of debt owing to two Advisory Board Members and a&#13;director by issuing 58
333 at $0.40 per unit. Each Unit consisted of one common share and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the&#13;holder to purchase one additional common share at $0.65 per share expiring February 22
 2016;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;f)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued a total of 387
650 common shares having an aggregate fair&#13;value of $0.84 per share for consulting services;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;g)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 275
000 common share purchase warrants to purchase an additional&#13;common share at $0.65 expiring February 22
 2016; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;h)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 100
000 common shares
 having a fair value of $1.42 per share
&#13;as compensation for introduction to an investor; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin-top: 6pt; margin-bottom: 0&gt;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;i)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;issued 25
000 common shares at $0.50 per share for $12


 2011
 the Shareholders amended our Articles of Incorporation to authorize the issuance&#13;of 1
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001
 issuable in series with rights
 preferences and limitations to be determined&#13;by the Board of Directors from time to time. As of December 31
 2014 and 2013


 2014&#13;we had 20
234


 2011
 we adopted&#13;the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the &amp;#147;2011 Plan&amp;#34;) under which we are authorized to grant up to 4
500
000 shares of common&#13;stock. Further
 the 2011 Plan authorizes our Board of Directors to grant options
 restricted stock awards
 performance stock awards&#13;and stock appreciation rights as compensation for services rendered.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;On April 27
 2012 we granted&#13;stock options under the 2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 3
100
000 common shares&#13;at $0.50 per common share on or before April 30
 2017. A total of 25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on October&#13;31
 2012
 April 30
 2013 and October 31
 2013. On May 2
 2013 a director resigned from the Board of Directors. As a result 25
000&#13;stock options expired on that date being the unvested portion of his stock options and 75
000 stock options were cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 8pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;On July 31
 2012 we granted&#13;a stock option to a consultant to purchase 100
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share on or before July 30
 2017. A total&#13;25% vested immediately with a further 25% vesting on January 31
 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31
 2014. On May 21
 2013 a total&#13;of 25
000 stock options were exercised for proceeds of $12
500.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 8pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;During the years ended&#13;December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we recorded stock-based compensation of $166 and $545
288. We reversed out previously accrued stock-based&#13;compensation of $51
084 pursuant to and Equity Incentive Plan that was cancelled retroactively resulting in net stock-based compensation&#13;of $494
204 recorded in the statement of operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 8pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The fair values of stock&#13;options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The weighted average fair values&#13;of stock options vested during the year ended December 31
 2014
 was $0.76. The weighted average grant date fair values of stock&#13;options granted during the year ended December 31
 2013 was $0.37 per share as to 3
100
000 stock options and $0.33 per share as&#13;to 100
000 stock options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 6pt 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted average&#13;assumptions used for each of the years ended December 31

 December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
200




 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
075

 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
075

 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
075

 2014
 and changes during the years ended December 31

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
625


575

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25



 2014


759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$771

958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;269


716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;39
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;932
72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
079

238)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(4

488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
075

488)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
075
205)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset

 2014 was $165
717.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We have a net operating&#13;loss carryover of $8
445
884 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes
 which will expire in various&#13;years through 2033
 if not previously utilized. However
 our ability to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially&#13;limited or eliminated pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section&amp;#160;382.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We adopted the provisions&#13;of ASC 740-10-50
 &amp;#147;Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes&amp;#148;. We had no material unrecognized income tax assets or&#13;liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;Our policy regarding income&#13;tax interest and penalties is to expense those items as general and administrative expense but to identify them for tax purposes.&#13;During the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 there was no income tax or related interest and penalty items in the income&#13;statement
 or liabilities on the balance sheet. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions.&#13;We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years beginning January 1
 2009 or state&#13;income tax examination by tax authorities for years beginning January 1


 for disclosure purposes
 based on a hierarchy defined by ASC 820.&amp;#160;The hierarchy gives&#13;the highest ranking to fair values determined using unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities&#13;(Level 1) and the lowest ranking to fair values determined using methodologies and models with unobservable inputs (Level 3). An&#13;asset&amp;#146;s or a liability&amp;#146;s classification is based on the lowest level input that is significant to its measurement.&#13;Our finance department is responsible for performing the valuation of fair value measurements included in the financial statements
&#13;including Level 2 and 3 fair values. The valuation processes and results for recurring measurements are reviewed and approved by&#13;our Chief Financial Officer (CFO) at least once every quarter
 in line with the our quarterly reporting dates. The valuation processes&#13;and results for non-recurring measurements are reviewed and approved by our CFO in the quarter in which the measurement occurs.&#13;All Level 3 valuation results are discussed by the Board of Directors as part of our quarterly review of the financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;The following table presents a reconciliation&#13;of all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31






 2014 and 2013. The note receivable value&#13;was determined based on the observed values for underlying interest rates and market-determined risk premiums and on its&#13;carrying value. There were no changes to our valuation techniques during 2014 and 2013. In 2014 and 2013 there was no&#13;movement between assets classified in a certain category level. We believe the carrying amounts of cash
 accounts&#13;receivable
 prepaid expenses
 other current assets


 warehouse and storage space
&#13;under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2017. Certain leases contain renewal options&#13;for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require that&#13;we pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Minimum aggregate future lease payments under&#13;non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31



739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;Rent expense under all operating leases
 including&#13;short-term rentals as well as cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases
 gross
 was $90
825 and $73
696 for the years ended&#13;December 31
 2014 and 2013


 2015 we sold 10
050
000 Units&#13;at $0.10 per Unit for cash proceeds of $1
005
000 of which $100
000 was received as at December 31
 2014 and $905
000 was received&#13;subsequently. Each Unit consisted of one share of restricted common stock and one-half of a warrant. Each whole warrant allows&#13;the holder to purchase one additional share at a price of $0.20 per share at any time on or before March 10

    

 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions&#13;on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the&#13;results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs&#13;and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely&#13;from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results


 2014


 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated&#13;amount we believe will ultimately be collected. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&amp;#146; outstanding balances less&#13;any allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that&#13;are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written-off against&#13;the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $16
500 and $13
680 as at December 31
 2014 and 2013


 production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s)&amp;#160;concerned.&#13;Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes&#13;in consumer preferences
 general market and economic conditions or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders&#13;or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally
 our&#13;estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate


 equipment and leasehold improvements&#13;are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation and accumulated amortization. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed&#13;as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are&#13;relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in the&#13;Statements of Operations. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Equipment&#13;consists of bottle molds
 office and warehouse equipment
 and display coolers


 &amp;#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&amp;#148; ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires&#13;that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost&#13;carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating&#13;the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset
 including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less&#13;than the carrying value of the asset
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&amp;#146;s carrying&#13;value and fair value or disposable value. In 2013 we recognized an impairment of $115


&#13;&amp;#147;PULSE&amp;#174;&amp;#148; and &amp;#147;PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&amp;#174;&amp;#148;; all used in connection with the manufacture
 sale&#13;and distribution of our beverages. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment.&#13;If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair&#13;value with the carrying amount of the asset.&amp;#160;An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair&#13;value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated&#13;expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future&#13;conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013


 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable&#13;and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to&#13;customers. Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases
 ownership&#13;of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors
 passes to such distributors&#13;when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales&#13;have been determined after deduction of discounts
 slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC 605-50.&lt;/font&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited&#13;instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date

    



 2014 and 2013
 we incurred advertising costs of $136
971 and $289
440


 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that&#13;are not active


 accounts and loans receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments&#13;approximate their fair values as of December 31


 deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial&#13;statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset&#13;or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset&#13;or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred&#13;tax assets will not be realized
 a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more&#13;likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes&#13;in the period of change.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Calibri, Helvetica, Sans-Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Deferred&#13;income taxes may arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and&#13;tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes are classified as current or non-current
 depending on the classification of&#13;assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset&#13;or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected&#13;to reverse.&lt;/font&gt; &lt;font style=font-family: Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;The determination of taxes payable for the current&#13;year includes estimates. The Company believes that it has appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
&#13;on its tax returns and that its accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors&#13;including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income&#13;tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31


 which&#13;potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary&#13;cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.&#13;As of December 31
 2014 and 2013
 we exceeded insurance limits by $nil and $1
534
703
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt&gt;We review a customer&amp;#146;s credit history&#13;before extending credit. As at and for the year ended December 31
 2014 there was one individual customer with a balance in excess&#13;of 10% of the accounts receivable totaling 25% and 35% of the balance in 2014 and 2013


 &amp;#147;Stock Compensation&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 718&amp;#148;). Stock-based payments&#13;to employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the statement of&#13;operations based on their fair values at the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We account for stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 718 and Topic 505-50
 &amp;#147;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&amp;#148; Stock-based&#13;payments to non-employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the&#13;consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as&#13;measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 6pt 0 0 17.85pt; text-align: justify&gt;We calculate the fair&#13;value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation&#13;recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires&#13;forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees
 and revised
&#13;if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &amp;#147;forfeitures&amp;#148; is distinct&#13;from &amp;#147;cancellations&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;expirations&amp;#148; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock&#13;option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating&#13;the forfeiture rate


 2014 and 2013
 the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is&#13;the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially&#13;dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued
 as at December 31
 2014 and&#13;2013 is 23
309



 the Financial Accounting Standards&#13;Board (&amp;#34;FASB&amp;#34;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&amp;#147;ASU&amp;#148;) No. 2015-1
 &amp;#147;Income Statement - Extraordinary&#13;and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20): Simplifying Income Statement Presentation by Eliminating the Concept of Extraordinary Items.&amp;#148;&#13;This ASU eliminates from U.S. GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. ASU 2015-1 is effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods&#13;within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. A reporting entity may apply the amendments prospectively. We do&#13;not expect the adoption of ASU 2015-1 to have a material effect on our financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15
&#13;&amp;#34;Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40)&amp;#34;. ASU 2014-15 provides guidance related to management's&#13;responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern and to provide&#13;related footnote disclosure. ASU 2014-15 is effective for annual periods ending after December 15
 2016
 and for interim and annual&#13;periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. The adoption of ASU 2014-15 did not have a material effect on our financial&#13;position
 results of operations or cash flows. As a result of adopting ASU 2014-15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-12
&#13;&amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide&#13;That a Performance Target Could Be achieved after the Requisite Service Period.&amp;#148; This ASU requires that a performance target&#13;that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period is treated as a performance condition. ASU 2014-12&#13;is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December&#13;15
 2015. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2014-12 to have a material effect on its financial position

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09
&#13;&amp;#147;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).&amp;#148; ASU 2014-09 affects any entity using U.S. GAAP that either enters&#13;into contracts with customers to transfer goods or services or enters into contracts for the transfer of nonfinancial assets unless&#13;those contracts are within the scope of other standards (e.g.
 insurance contracts or lease contracts). ASU 2014-09 is effective&#13;for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2013-11
&#13;&amp;#147;Presentation of an Unrecognized Tax Benefit When a Net Operating Loss Carryforward
 a Similar Tax Loss
 or a Tax Credit&#13;Carryforward Exists.&amp;#148; ASU 2013-11 amends the guidance related to the presentation of unrecognized tax benefits and allows&#13;for the reduction of a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss (&amp;#147;NOL&amp;#148;) carryforward whenever the NOL or tax credit&#13;carryforward would be available to reduce the additional taxable income or tax due if the tax position is disallowed. ASU 2013-11&#13;is effective for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2013. The adoption of ASU 2013-11 in&#13;January 2014 did not have any effect on our financial position


 we have generated a greater percentage&#13;of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and&#13;sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result


355&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$396

500)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(13

855&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;382


894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;37
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$544
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$427


548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$398



866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;734
696&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$1
146
120&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$1
187


 warehouse
 display equipment and molds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$272
272&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$261

194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;33

700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;133

613)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(88

553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$340


534&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$779
968&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Trademarks
 side-panel rights and patents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;388
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;362

675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;62

669)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(54

156
115&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top: Black 1pt solid; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$1
150








    

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
625


575

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;25




759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;$771

958&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;269


716&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;39
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;932
72&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
079

238)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(4

488&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
075

488)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
075
205)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-right: 5.75pt; padding-left: 5.75pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset





    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    

 December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
200




 December 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
075

 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
075

 December 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom: Black 1.5pt solid; padding-right: -3.95pt; padding-left: 17.85pt; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
075



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    
    

    


    









    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2015 we sold 10
050
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash proceeds of $1
005
000 of which $100
000 was received as at December 31
 2014 and $905
000 was received subsequently. Each Unit consisted of one share of restricted common stock and one-half of a warrant. Each whole warrant allows the holder to purchase one additional share at a price of $0.20 per share at any time on or before March 10

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2012
 April 30
 2013 and October 31


 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000&#13;to a company owned by our Chief of Product Development. The loan bears interest at a rate of 4% per annum and matures on May 16
&#13;2016 when a final payment of $174
000 is due. Catalyst repays this loan on a monthly basis at $1
055 principal and interest. As&#13;of December 31
 2014
 the remaining principal balance due is $182
738 of which $5
506 is current and included in Other current&#13;assets
 the balance of $177

















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of accumulated amortization of $85
669 and $54



      







 net of accumulated amortization of $79
483 and $54
228



      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 1
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value




 100
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.00001 par value 54
276
037 and 51
654
135 issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


      










































      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      

      


      






      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      



 warehouse



      


      

      

      


      


      






      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      
























































      


      


      


      










      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      














      


      


      


      


      

















      

      









      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Value
 Share-based Compensation


      

      

      

      

      

      











 Net
 Amortization Expense



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Outstanding



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable



 Options
 Vested and Expected to Vest
 Exercisable



 Options
 Nonvested



 Options
 Vested



 Options
 Nonvested
























 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments


      
















      




      

      







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          







        
        


        
$ 39
380


        
38
640


        
$ 37
739




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 from latest balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 165
717


        
$ 8
445
884




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#A;S]+'0(``$$?```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
F4]OTS`8QN](?(?(5]2X
M_K
Q4-L=!AQA$N

F]OO\XL/OD&=V

MV+0^OLL8C!]
7S(`4JW
M7+85U:YZ[/
)E-$'
G&`

5]TUN5.\\'LYQ[+ST7G?7`^YLHWT/D`+YWNL'OB\R`*J:5]JWNH
M'=TGYKKX_,!7]2P-A71-]8%L/A;@B]\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U
M53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;'
O+G)E;'



MS]NHFD++28


\WXIS0.OK@2Z?

$%``&``@````A`*7QNNM.

MM;Q+RDF*R#FT*)!KFSX`(=&6$5LR1/;';U_.0::8]'
10`JBQNO9;\G5
R:\'EH?AQG_[QCO+7
M
#['+H24%_7C-J3:3%.Q/-\1N\B:3?F*G!P/KIQ;)$=79#FZ0G+L'5F.O4-R
M5

:


1DN
M?]-Y6)ZOL$:R[0+=(FSP02?L,$G$'S*)HUTEBZ=:!W+#NW+4QNQ^[=.-R[


&
O
V%YMO!GM%1;WKN@J\WG2A1T]S2:1O[D

M%



)E!;4

2FQJ`9K7L)XRB!PY_7U19

8(5
?C`#.U%L=)@
W[*57F#GR%#A`73&ADSM65#SYQIDA
IL&PVV1
MI
!!J1966


=0
EVLV2.9(4.
M62


M
4)-BX&CP9%@'TO]ZK08$#(=_R;31$W'=(Q



M[KOUXG\```#__P


M2KO2:K7W[C

SP0OO[V71^=-U$TA
MJY5+Y\1U1)7+;5'M5^Z/?YYFW'6:-JNVV5%68N5^B
;]MO[UE^59UB_-08C6



LOL;L/5^'+(J]E(W?M'
)Y2/0ZY\1+





M8:;`YC:

JI&AT@-!.-)

M-_25@XQ6KDPB5E@B9M2`Q+$83+:J8]9;SWTT.;-NA9S;RAB$%Z81C9XJ8&
M@!*:Q$


MR38





M6\.*39H&'=J2;4A9

Y:_QS`4_M/+4G5L\
MRQ;.2KI_#W`V)N!MG\P!O).RO7Q09PG]:=OZ/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`



MB1O\F+]_MS@HO34UYQ8!0VLR7%O;S0DQK.:2FDAUO(5(J;2D%HZZ(J;3G!8^

QD52T.##

M


'+8I/HN70;!B3&\!&



_GN9
M_P0``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`:S@QU``P``)@D``!D```!X;]W;W)K

M-CDO6+--W=^_[F]FKB


M*6A)]I7ZR0]?*=ON%%0[@H1T7O/B):
R!T.!QL.19LIY!0+@Z-1
=P880IZ[

M9A@XI4GN-$OJPCL#7D@H\M


M/&G6BZ#[+/M0-#)G93!AG]=Z'

M8@)3TQM)A
[6=`LR^SF*XS!)PIYRH!2

M(#QJALQ:
M`V_8@V#1YK&_W1RF,E2(@F#T4JUM`(+'8T!F`.!N7ZMP=MW8

M=O;`]*N!6%I-P/3K#8XGD-Y9BA$[@$S0#./I^84T?6'FDMEP:RJV=$VK2CHY
MW^N9@Z'%^F@_#N^P?G]'\36
R6ZH^/T#&%




A\IQ3=B_HMF:-MB22542#?E7R5AW8
M:GH-74WDT[:]H:)N@6+#*ZY?.U*
(#1,5%0B`7U1STQE@'GI_G<\TV6*P\2))U[H`QQMF-(/


;:`M^8@V`QYK


=7C63!5NS



MV?W[CCT)N6Q:)3P`AN-SYLP

M*?&TH7U)6]GS@KQQ36Z7'S\L-E(]ZX9SXP%#KPO2&#/

/[CW=
MR





AT!1WFV4_[@&_I_PUKPJ?`^CRB


V:9KV

55)V*\\3



MO

MI
2'6OYBQZ^$[BL)[4X@(Y78JGBZ)2*'BH*


-E$B3I


?#

M]6`9+J*E#6QM8.E'_@FPG$')YCM3L.TL2D:!;PP3#]V/D.TD8KD#F?GN%&R[





M&@Z^W;*




3JZ6-\+

M2=%@+45G06M;FP7@[K0%HW/?0


*OAZ3S1XK*SG
M-9X83-PH0VB:1+/NX`:0#@'!-$EPSV`IFWY$F0:/E?558)093*L
!\FHQ%.S

M9`3M\'I3&O3(E=WWC=@HPM-P$.QKZE-B+$J#?6%J=[YM490Z;##AL##OM2
M



HLVI(8G


A+3[%R1F@N2EI0I
M!_WL5#1L8*NRC]!5:?M\;AXR6C5`L2_*@K]UI*919:MOQYJVZ;X$WZ]ND&8#


MJ]&/W4=^-D:.3FDYY+_

F6T!`'P:E0%3@U()'WMWB]%SD\;




R[!GJAXSBJ[T1^[L(*DA&*
M*TA93G[:#8)U-UK7(X&1W`R%3?O0Y(!HB^$V6?T(UC7KR4;8Q(=J[DUB6_

M(E6F$MXJ;FRVTU
*!ZF+./UR1P)C.1+\1Z(9$*BL:EJG%:&X*UA'UMQXX$

M=2









RRV7
%L



S



M%9A&
4:\*U4ENFV!?_ZXN\HQ
I9U%6M5QPO\Q`V^7GW\L#PHO3


E


Z-2_*I@#:P&P^K
M:4R7Y`%:6!XQZW-

B`(B`\5@.II!9-7*W!)T$6
A@HF^73@]U6N`V;J=W8L



M%VGU!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`B`0C2\\``!!P``&0```'AL+W=O


M:9IVN':
`:L8(]MIVG^_SS@0(&G6WI#8O'YYO@

MGB(%Y5BYHJ85W
P@.G]2IE$(%)NR-IEJ[8+F=(6^]



2X*@V^&X
M@O(\KR



MJ[G*924MEQO%E]&F'T$SXC':J$\W5G
5S4HZM/GT
MKL(VA&/$8;M?+&:GI]

LQ`JWNUVD_8N-&TZVM_`!&[F




:-WDK%K99.3:%JTRMLNKP\K^^Z_H86Y;39M6N[1@%5W9'[2Q?ZQ__65Y
M9O5+<Z2TM4A:E;VL6U/\=ILB,MTV;$3K2_^Q97:8MO-8'ISG5--UUC<K
M&;ONUG3O+*%PJ*^18/M]WE&`Y:]EK1JA4A-B[2%\3?'_-1(M3*[1:Y
ZY?7
MTT/&RA-(/.=%WGYTHK959HN?AXK5Z7
!OM^)EV92NWLQY
L\JUG#]NT(Y!PQ

M48@VS!.?@6?&7CCUYXY#T-@Q6D?=#/Q16SNZ3U^+]D]V3FA^.+8PW3XXXL86





MQN)RSDO+G

MU]6#%FL
.$$-1J*(:H9ASFXWS
G(
$%#V0B.8E@`8O3DPM`E3YQ`A5AL?M





=H0'<






I
'0[
MN#!0GJ=%EN=S\@0Y97O








NQ.S8\[
<8@VY$EFX%F(%PG]=I!#
-DS
M9C^I#/Q9.P=^3%^+]B]Q_9WGIW

I$`0+@

=#C=-1


3H`..+&-):C#6H$%M#$=&



J-(T%S8L&=7F)2`TG^OF$

M$.8EF
W)\T233&BQLE2&;CF^;
BU&FO0



-&FK!:6IDO+J5IX82/8[$FESJ








GA1?:]:\`/A4I6D5UC?LK]-\:W

\G@39-!K'

M-IU=H27TOER9F+(:JGD'L'1`^6Z(_8@QPM@MO490Y7?KP]XLCFW-LFE`EI#
M3Y]7Z2Q9AL_0'K`K\Q9XB[=Q#3(4EQ4FC-TP('GHC4.13(Q\;L&`PBE%O
<J+D/%#XP-2U(H[<

67R_-@L^DG?5P[2$GTLX#A0_


I2?*WYA

`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M!X+7%@E06Q)%69)C.3CIS/:`JQOD7+1`4Q2T1-G



M'79G:]_=F:%];SMV^!S)4A5W??G^P?
#\]X!J$\CW5RGLJ
/!?&NO0[\O;\-


.B
MP&$779FOB)[@X7ZA&@;4D-%PB+12A_6D;+X:@KZ3*;N8G
RRL3$VID(M8V*Q

17H*
M%T6%4

M8VU#F+D%]L



.0BR3Y'/





&(5#.(@5PEZ.]+)=28U$I&98]6

%`G'$


D)(P`!XI69'7ZQ$S8IR0!@)!








R:[&D*ACZ1MAH;J^:[

JP
M+/;;;._`W7U3K#5=3L4!#IZ4+T+E2:&C#/B:R.Z&M7)
'(%+V/9=2F#P)'XO




2VLG(_@N.H+#YK:S<




M+WB\'DO)?#1FV=4YV5V:F[3JL@&#XPP/#'C0TOK@P&
[?7SH9W3)
I[H1PS
M4Q:Y)#U:ZT_*NY`F0EB\P&'41Y!-T\[Q_3


/H#_#(U+AZ:L*\!(SQ
8P=E1MQ&2YP-*#]RQJ(P;VCM&P\8=WEVDC




4P@8-R\V$/]W*'O\HAL!?JKS?+Z?S=C:&=S8;+V9D^MB9G


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

MY[\/


M*3YMN%]\.Y^MKFKFC*MQ^^L7U6BW.!@.BOV]X6'[RV_+9?KRJ/WE']8SOMSK






MU
6R&E63S^7YM

M_2='@^/CIZ8
[Q\=#O;WG[2/[P#VH^O-O)QE:$E;QN
8Y[/3#H



M\.HF$A/PD`H['FC&Y&^
EX#)[F
YCWO63@]0PEMIC`S&VXS];G]6@Y66AT
M%+2NE?WIQY]^;


Q/RBPBJ-76FV






C)O-+VDOHQ

ME0[WVNO?

VS


*^H!%WV..X-GH4)4AKZM\G-6NX-=)&[[X[M;]J8RYWU


B!
MQ=8A!

1S9






LC%L;\9?MHHW?5I_+

7C#I;__K?_41<SK:'C


*3^2IU
M5`+XG\G]DQ6%*DXI]D=EY-K\DR,6ETMY^M+(EZ44L\

J^MSL!&KZ/!H

M/EOO

M']';-#*RSF3E3H(P7
L
3:AS[?[T(P*'^E5]5-I1CK^B!J/X_N`QU#W8=X1L


M(K$`:N3X

M_;`MC0L!O]H@





3*
`@M6/ES#F#H!0-JQ\PPZ9GY#8%_Z./BFU^:F;BZA`&

3ZTV!5:6]I2G@
E0R?&R(QA&@9(4!

;;=U#&`;S/A
MS;70]60\]EJ)::??C3_(]A(K$
=:X;F5!JP4J
R-.:J(YQ?(*_^=%M$7+^F


MD#U#;JBR[N\6OWPKE9B
=0
)S/MOP_


&6`TOFW1%T7#WY_

B-7RI\8

_!1KP?E-+5#M5YC:4Q\?&
SCV
ZC


6FCJ9C7V7JNX9E@939:T1L&*:KH8!:HUU

3
M_9AJ0S?D&_S@/(I%F
U7!6H;DXZ&6

*\U3(2DMB^PL



MD.&
820YQD@6=A+TLSXFFL0+J&5`=



MD9QE
TSH4(`^
4;M^&XF$5#77)(9+KV6R_;I4.'$M7*
6TW:4

M2&R`X]T^RM
4L[5E4X`FJ([=XC5


@5ADRAG5).HAB!.\B2!!Z((7BKX@TZC+G?D%7'.)WB$P




M?L3.6BC3;G@)4\-'F/:@?OC3C[`*P3=9IEUR`5K58-;

`IN0IPOIB37S(7-



M(L0.RRJ
(@DV@N.H*24E&A$//

;
MNX*\)!(H#Q)
WV.\NN@?&T+$X!=\IT5$AG[G.0;C&%_$6E-50ZC7P:`C$G
M_HT


M?PM'S*HO9





M8=L(^S]8`[%9H0OQ$-R8S33HH1)`H[=@(A`'6U&=+WHQ22)1T6CK22+]KH


M3@B

MTC*J
7X.XN]N+4J%Q%3*WO+=AH\E]&B\PFR%^T%N
%/P!5+@CL$/\$(MW:2.

M

M.7_F[.*;36

MUB5_36U#*P`M:=&(%_BB^0#!V+]#HL'LAG0LN7E=0NA?RJ]KKV0@DI8VSJ
ML1Q=[1;_2GB(AE8$HL*7)X\Y68.*I-J9LJT'KM,9LK36*MP+*X6FS$ERDN

)BFW+39KC*D6-Q#:

M*IV6



MDE@US]P@SL^!V
GT&)(

K#]?ZL-'MH.]]O.;&IYA3;/9I(7O/2M<:G\9*!]IKZQ!ZY?B
MPQR;VP;)(`^[/SLAL''DPWH;[&RN?:

JT:`I&4[`S%

MDB3_OG:&M&H\#@GHI4`3.RO!7_-PD=Y5ZF+Z#&=H(4.@\RHEIU9HI$FQXZ;J

;VY

`A&
ME18.




/-RKWGB2DHHFI:O(TIG3H'C;??95-;JR=^74@P-U83J80
Y:
D';,['N
M-H_(+,BG\71/WKKSX`T.RV&$2Y3?@\-M3J4E4=`*BS4)8UUS0<.JQRL+D*
M@I6R8@&Y=,G8W9D,K3[=K)3.&:_Q
9-W&XJAXXW*Z_(P=8QS)7214H0FMRK



2XER(1L2

QA@3S!J9
MPN7\/-PJ(^;(!N'QH:QT+.XYX62NO(?)^(!^7G
A(V

7RP
M0HHP6*'ILO)0-!?^J`YZYWA%\[S).`=7R;A5:0\UUGCE*4O]6]G);Y/U@T+J



4NUVIR8R4]2FN1U#MI&N[4?#RD=9Z
MC00IC++ZI5L*\W!UOBTUCH:,Z#%`EEA+=L@(%8]+5L9K[ED\IZE5JD[6QR`
M$O:N0L&JBKZRK;'!VU)Z@@@?W



K'\_


M$

M`B^I:L%!SZ89
UEB[QZ0JVN.C9D
&NF92`7!NB#44.V'`!:*

K3_M9
@UQ^

B
5*1TF




M5KR/5]XAUEN6?1D)9OV!V]#=!N`?0+FID;O@7

D&P].Z!9M





ERL=F[2_J=I&_5O#(*MK6@XF

MJVDG.QTU&CUAI395E`L8A;

4








M/-P9=G[I`*:.S\MR32?P-
R:6!4R!#;4]$%Q;X-%.%`C`8DQ:SCS]W-AS_AE


MZA.R





M%S7;+^;LX9NLL].?4D&R0L(/\=FVBN1/4L$APJ4;DD+S66-O0VEZ/0MW]_Q6



M%PU(W/
@`&S&'WWK=[P.MGI*OO=&)'@(C'Y!P[6ZU)MG@_[9;GSLCE0Z@NP(





M52Z[DI+T





)@:5W-^-!6L#S'$:HA4]I^)X2]/L6$B32&YMI!T
MI-*Y9F;9=1




O6@[ZK+[

M
P]'4-#U\O&W]N*%FUS2.SS8
%)_!^&#4*EY1T]L

4T



VRT6`ZF&L+GG!SYS%;R;


C`L9





MNY#3)8?A+CD2BX
[V

ME^Z0JB




MG?=_9%CV@X#]8G7]UIW!I#-2;2&$


ZQ
?#]



\B-NW?D)PC/NLBN#/ZA.[P]$O+$FII_K4I<O&A;I`&
MM;G!DC)TUN`GGD8WP;:=:
Y[2T=VOZ131KG=)JNFC2G5%3OLQWGO*XMOMX#7
MQF!;'MK?&W

MPPZ+W^\TY)S@[7:/[
T*N&6RCF08-EKT#(6*0UF/S82;PA@O&9;B7#=N[5

MV;Q=%=+EC^$J5
3WPG50TE_M1@XT!9M9

%SKST$P9N&E$?N%LT!G'59CU&J`XM!


7W[)1O$P5[SXA[YPI967?AU/0GD?KVNZ3#P1];
7^X41U%X
ML]YW&'%VYRHQ-$ZM#-8QVMPLZ1VW\WNU[9.\G%GL1Z@J#^T9XB](/P[E/_

MS=RY[
:5W&#X57KAA0S(CBS9'CN+`3RZ#`38EF!E

&:


6S8*\[(`FC;
.BTX:41.ZQ6S9G4G[/T=B6PNY'WX2,R`
M)EX,.AA<8D=$]#FI&[D=)*;)IQ1VW/^6M2K%
I48M4X^!+)3$@!=YCE&(@O
M?KDWG(NGE;ZVB-3/OA0)_JW!V75A[4@RU!PBH6P;4F?Z:R)P[%@X^#;^&Y0
M!QHHMQU\T


M`':


X-FN2A.GD@HK^Q8G




KRHW*$:-G9



2I
MZ]X#!HX&D\LAU5\66_M')Q`%:7[@8BY];D\5+`5'%.5L-'\X2I`Q8BQ-3U!_
M\:OYT.T-B!G)N;O!4F3BHGT^;#E')YJ7-CUFHO]FHZS8'*^+Q[P(Y8D3VNV


O#A/B






DE
A&


U!21

UAX&10V%7(CUZ!3CN7



C&PV1AR%
MU`=_*'*GY7#:L843E]PZY^`';52RLXT=[-:M#[Y4ZPJFT#8KE3N#I[R3Q1QU
M4FNFK43%EC3`'%*O=[9?[;ZPK7WTW=[VR]






M@J
':W4/OF&W!#RSE[+NVX`


[&XB3XFYC;16I?.[!$[
M#?L;H37;BU2_^UFJ^T
GW$YRM=R9.LSRP78L?_JTMI'(F91M1=]KQ-+4O)\M



M2TBY3;*LE))+\S`]8WO!BHGVU#`4ZT.6KA:2O;#VBPE:W*J;)_JR8PPH6M
M:5MVV]!)FED?2]C]]
DB`1$W1Q9&O
WBN6=;:4337KP^3?W^?
WOY81GHQB[
MI[GA3J5])

M2:[[6H


71U\




M./AZ%HTYD0V(4N5#`2PW=3B*NKMQHY\%


M

./C6ZS&%R+8X;-@1-AL`X_A5+0[;AHMB$ZOZ


M+K]^_U\```#__P

R\)$18X-'QA
MET*T
E*EMU=GL
MV[IA'5Y5$/<KG&V]U8/)_8US3K&62$<L'
UZ&G
4W?J@M-RGE.(0*;=ZDBQ




8'B0M8!S:(^'HV*5[8\'EDBPZVC_1DE!





MP=X?-\%N:_VZ;??[:SQ8.$%:8[0&LYKI18F))SMR;T-]D#?=O_MXT?&=UHT+
$U^X&Y-&VY5I(#.
MX#EC:'*=OJGH!\%:=72OF(`;AOI:PHV2P+GN.2`N&!/[!WD7.MQ1E_\!``#_
M_P




86NRINW]^-3P:HC4+R6A[+[$J2N4Q7S




4E3
MTC
8PL@CPCC8%!;X/:V


8)1*Z(D)6GC
;


?HVT.Z8J;




Q\K)W1
MC



M?

M2K(8RTO2!AO6U8=$(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4

M_4L;'I(*QV/

M(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


\W!&Y#%-Y;P]<YVM]MT\`9D\<TE?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^
M2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(
<;









Q\^;


W2K;\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`


P
M.QC@53BD.I:GZ2537/8T




WR/DP27%(

M4

VAA-3F;'Q8PS


2/EN\$P'[(4T07&OM]@L_SN
MN_X#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`

74TQ,I9V
M)6U5QPO\S`V^7G[^M-@KO34-YQ8!0V<*W%C;SPDQK.&2FDCUO(.32FE)+2QU
M34RO.2W])=F2-(YS(JGH<&8ZX]PJ*H2C-\JMI.\LX%$\Y9:T&\:T9LCFV0?

MD2#TTO.


A[0P
.5_S\OF6

*`A]\O][4=JFP*
\RB;Q*`$XVG!C[X2CQ(CM


%XW
%[[_9@0L

MIMG@/`@Y/9^
\ME+K$%7&)K04Y+KFJ]YVQK$U


(
MP)52]KAPS35\?I=_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`S]8!G7(``H!0``




F3;K6F(%/G9BH*GH
M9;:Z*BG;K$

32?Y



M)LK0+&53@_4@]\*EQ-OK#1BHOR*








MD'S7#ZI.CN^Z4Z?*R]KF%I;-(S;H?E\6)*+%6T7JCAMIRGO8/WML3RWTEI5
M/&*NRIO7M_-30:LSF'@I3V7WHS=J6U6Q_'ZH:9._G$#WAS?)VF[?S#
5V71



#/R`V:IH=8`/RWJI*E!G@D_^@_+^6N.Z[M\704
MS-RQ!W3KA;1=4C*3ME6\M1VM_N4D3YCB1GQA!#Z%$2\83?Q@-O^*E;&P`I_2
MBQZ'GC!]`MKF0@KL/K_+V@JC





=0Q/KSA;Z$D'
F5Q]O
M
1!A(

M8I4POL5(5





M:H'R)A0D+G-FINM6$%29W.Z`Q`8G



M0\S;&55[X.(.A+WTPZ8^2-T:2&0@L8$D!I(*1)Z\
R/!E9EUM:P3^;I:WK_H
M:E&G%

MW-$
0M'P2R#^T-%S?V/P0CNXO.F_'N&RCL!;.'3=MK6GM)
/;(+K]=_F/P``
M`/__`P!02P





MP16]%$PKHRH;`1T)A5Y[GI$9`:;EHA3@P
6.-*\*O$KF#SDFRX7/Y[?@!W/V

M6-CM
1ARON;ERR


PWS+F?
M[+60ZY$1=-K_$W6+@QFAK2R:78A&#YSSN-TU&69I
!\BI2:*;;(W7@2^GQ
MP!N\!LS

MCN;[?E!3!U$8QD&35ZTO
ZRZ
3E8658%S5AQ;F@K9)*.UKD`_OQ8G;C*UA1C


J


M$HF`;XT@-B)5P?)LV


MG1(F`\;J/\=?4HW1/



MWYM*1J[MX
LE+
8D*B/+GE8\GT5Q.'
:)#-'V431QPVBO]C-TO4M@J[Y$/5D
M
$KM[/A48ZZE5J-N2HU^/IZ@='^+H&


M965T


MJ87D1




U;IIL!QYJ5Y$(<@
M1QNJ]#TSEAB5.Z4%_^-$X<'*F40'DQCH#_.1%\W2,,W^[^([(EO@'=%DM91B
MCZ!IX)FJ)Z8%PP4XF\J2?U8&)9DU-V:170IJ!;OQN(KGLZ7_!&6!\WMI28:
M*]8O*/)!X@/?``FE3R%CV
27XS]FD40-$8#9)3$@[\MY-9I$INSJ6Q]=F-$
M`#;O)S+@R69P39A,!I,AMBE$?P&0O6(T$6IM%),)
QH2O9V/$4[)3]BX;


M$1J.-'O9P!N

MR6[;
!]%^@_+Q'^V;#=A`K2%N@!8JBRYF6*(N()`HD'2=_WR%I:W/2.A=;


M=%!3.[[KQDZ#:8L



MES4OG(4#3)M50:$9;O%2;E&=]XR2Y&S66E_?E-R%*-G2U3L^(G3XBMM9@-
MQZ0.8


M4/I8Y.NVG\4I
!B



!0


MYB\```#__P







M
]$4D%%P
^


LB#H)R
+(8F`PVA&%!SWH[L61CB\$*%GC
ZC8;!$-5P




MFPQIP\P2

M%7+4BF[31;!)5UM


M*CZ.HV@2B@$)0M^/WBAYAOIQ=\TKM


FD[-%:*M1N@L&

Q_A$PI

MYQP]

.QY(_FW.XQ6UDF20I9)TE6\K9Z3$B:%:?^Z&QFINY=L6G
KFBX&



M6

MU%_:[FXS%.A726Y



M(8=YB*]''

`W&,-QC!A34D70&%N



!&

+!8:MU'4E

3@91+?55X?$PUB(:G$0H+'U`TK



%R8-=P&Z`%BJ*/
TVM)
*B*)#TZ^^[

?K



8.FRMZ)8715N<N0CK6
M!GJ=\P-[8
@TFV82


I
`5\
M@:JR1.BMGX(86Z
[[09T'GO/7I\/DWF8&-9]P

&YUNZ\06'6_7-G_P$``/__`P!02P
$

:%_RBO7;`O_^=7^58205

M+


MJF^LIQ`VM$DW8
/YHX8^5/H6;';/=M^;!OP0J*(UV;7J)]]_I6S;*.AV#(:T



7!K
9')5SM:CVY
*@/-Y94UN
!`

M-70]?AY'41B=A$]TP8&^/#$-GNH*PKDNBX'JIU1'D1CI:PNQTM^1EGQ$F@;/

0NPI\_TH\8/9&P#3
M4I

B6?B=BRWJ)6EI#)SPGA=2%G85VH?A@AL*&*YAA
MYK*!3Q:%]\MS`%QSKHX+/6U/'\'5/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`.@U


-0)CTO
WN+


#3K`&

).
O/WW1MS
V2F4YV^)
/*\O+:%[P]

MACIA!9XY?T'JMPPA6&PM5C^U%?BM


P*=1

PS%?*)H:9I

M@CUHAZYI])$I&T.L[X4*
:+($57V)K0[!&@/K
MA

IXAF;*

#-71+G$FEA1G#$=4T2SM-4M/=@:

HFD*/_;;



G6J:;J'C*IO$

MQH]PN`


_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`CSF%E20$``!8#0``&```










6E30GF452/6*H@8E]7(T`0S?`0Y
SG4P%PH9F


K2)HH_N%


%WN+SDH.

M=(+`P?J&
O]0O
MGCHO8',=-JJX#TTZ9K+])P-*M0QRUYN;MW)EI8KX+-C<,L1!P3_[F0_JS1
MU$AM!IK2^X$E.'UOUR]5?^350OVX#X.Y1TQU/70/5K:4AW9$DI*Z9E=.S
MN.)!VT7;
:SNGW$0QE+&))X$87(OG@8A;&LP)1



DH^'2NR/-2JO57IZ)
MC6



V?


S278;(O1^'!8Y/!IU

M)W
O1@@2E/S\P!M[1@T0HA6/!C(:$%K`&#WL/?KHE^U#LI')@FGJX!)$C*KB

LXD0X'@9Q20C:@=M&#++T0J!)5
#K
M6A5I(*
!H04
#M+\::?)_/XIP73LI`(Q8JY7#Z\AKTC^F;S2ONU
]6Y#A-X+


:E(7Z!1N;%2T468%*C?80B:+REBD.:=$WDA

I.AMRMSL1@R.SW
]'I(LJ;Q=

MSZ/
R'
7A+8?

M
#AE[GC@


V7+-!8/K3OU.B.5)?
^41=1@+
84$0




@1A)*8T
M)`
$L8
I-NLBIXC!+KO?*?F051_J#_%5\Q3&J(]Q`3$(
8/[*TNP51\Z9J96
M5ICH
LR





;YQD73T%TO082Q)+
MY#)B(J+$3^(;PDZD[AKLYBE8_Y0M86-[-$M#TG5'C2NX1E)Q#1;W-R61:#Q@





4X%7


M39%A!/%C_^:.7.0)5(DYS(

M]!
8L








&OR5SGHC+Z64
@DFFS1

M/K=KA)=1C#N$3433)6P)!B$4M$LX?75:-EG$3C`!C2QZ)L&NBO$FFGK?4\*V

MXBJN%]35DQ.-RH$T5=O5C2MH75KK8.:;F%;,5!G?50?YNX[%Q&ZF)RU8G).
MS)SN=9#F;L&Y[S/Z;DPA=\)BC8F:*V8H-
.J`[2H&W%`
7CN;


`MM6^OIT&6QA_\7.#V_&-!G03@;TN=!


U2HSH<BEQ^K/*7
M4E[:KD@MSUD+\V].Q;7IJY6Y2[DRJ[^^7-_E57F%$L_%N6A_4%'?*_/MY^.E
MJK/G










M/`'STQ=X9M?B:&/SJ!#W:2&=0&C\OVV+F8:RG&?%O)NQ!$HPVU*0BE%MZ%


M?J*[\$.C#36%'V[3@I\(B6&T
TP2%Y^8:2BK$
//VH*?R
`/;B2W!1Z_(:):
M

MUN7;B*#1AAH6@!![I&TL0(H

M:0$2HEU70Y^1V
&91GZ&(I
M'%=ZSB5BY'5Y%)OWPJI^O<*E!5;)!*Q/&W=S6E<;]]B/NUPHQ8#6C


M=F(M9$H




M.




MS2A
4-.VV@
!^._@4.+6`(]L?JC/SW+7O#T


_OQ]]AXVQ99MDA



SQD


\9#

_RYS4)$TAQ%I3N*88X2


M(`C:CH96#$72F*DT9MTM-3-2DB9VP/XTJ5\*F@3%4
JM&N2TO57`4E!56JFP









M5FZ_+2NH#E`K.PXUF.]JBSV%J
1I
00EP+@M+X$[M/+A(;JNS#IJZL:'ZN

8
MH*1EC#0$OK%BY








MHFD]=+\Z&9TE?%.KP;=6G-K`D)UH&K(2C:&.1(/9]1:/^7U%*8!
E\7)3326





M79*VX
0IFEQ$D1K.[
[N:G7UJ#KR`








#!L_X-P
O(%OW#2RMZ2#&BG3
MQ`^*B9

)D
ML_OO.[:!^
))6*DOR_+E\W@^SWC&9OWUO2RL-US3G%0;VYNXMH6KE&1Y==K8

M0B?D@BOXY4CJ



DC]K.`0:28D1VSLK%ATT(P*&39


;+JLD`T





MS7.]SK##!]2G9WM-L/I*LW0#[002CS*$6M:P(54_Z^?C]8ONK^2J@#3]1JT1

WWR+`977+T1=1`8ZYM


5WJY[

$7


M````$`7@L969


M+5RG:?/S+C_Q


X%G

4Q&+8(;HAF6%`#&1)L/I
M.NS4$VH.$
]2A(\\U9A`KF&I#CIR)*9%L0&$OM^-@(


'%EH;)G
MJ
6B+:0/)3

M;$I%T2-AH$P'=)Q@GD0+#
DPA







M2Q)_XO`.!Z61OMJ$^5KEFW8#U36$_
Q%)J6ONNE07^H5JP\L9:=3XQ3\6=QB


M(][G9'\]PB7A`P.)[ZHN3WG;?=#3-!?.V[^!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8````


6







GDQ\TD0+N[(PT%/.HO3K

KD+O!B(





M%M!VU9B2X:\'DU4W^$L[IB
Q



%P_\DI)R5CO2
W


MR\I26#D_RUO#`O;Z$

2W?@R?[#)_'4C^&CX3H.-Z--]UTQ

M]]W4X-T)?[3\!

M_P

P4G
M006
L-.T_WZN
5PTY9DYJ4.I\?'U\?W&N[\VVN:*^H(#'.%JHQT%4%92&.
MXNRX4']\=Q^FJD)HD$5!@C.T4-\04;\M__QC?L'%
SDA1!50R


:40)Q``_%72F&4&
M&!*\EN
ECNAIH5KCP6BB6P;0E2=$J!LS254)SX3B]'].
BHI+F)6(C!6(L9X
M


95')K-0P6XH'@*WPLO2FAES
M[05*.:PX*YDC
-8U@]4MDW5$8,K@AX(K`5`5\$=B*P;P$:^-28!07_.\QB
M
O\86RXB]OY,YQU@UMQCF$UOJTEQ)&0C82X$N))R%9?`G92<B^
MC73
@.OY!C







M'+

M

GC

M00;&=D?2/$';($X7R-NL6W]^
WI4)_\=58KC%\FR;ZRF8#:4R11@+\2C@=YG
M)@2;O;/==VT!ODLGHSD^5/J'.'ZEK@U5'L.9F\XNSEEBHA@*-&\X-$Q$5
M(!?AS-S
\`0_-R.1Y;I


M&A:CT136B-[U@5?1X410CY@*`J.F@B*XCF]?I-XCLPFNS*E'B\F!.XL)HD%D


'%X?HT/ZVH:G\)+Z#MM@VD6D\C-
W
M\5$




6

MV%L[^=MHC_SMIZ;8_5+4#+(-ZR16X(GS9R']OA
FN-F:W?W8K\!OC;%C^^RE



M$


G7//`(ZH?;T6*I=VPCTC3M=M+D0B['8*^U.R+F
MQZ30OY9Q'$+0J8?V%O=^891


MI'\

)]4OYR74
OGEN6$

MO.LLVF#Z)_S431-+)H.S
9!
AR8TU^E?C!\;'+]H`I:QOJDW`Y(J!')#

M%^$=G(7T?Q[A[(O!B8`MWK3VG'?#!_&`\VG:YA\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(

M;*Q:VV[C1@Q]+]!_


=#H.O.%P/#C%Z=E!_.\BXULOT^W






MK0$2UUQ#`!G4O!-5)


FTWX99M&TK0B
=%@J;MH09:BE9X5



IO*X*83&0QF16D.]/HLZ&RI2MOO+`.
%^


=9
U8D5=F)%;2SN!=';NGL!.R'S`D'


)!3$XC



PF7J@TJ[
M3'M0\0G292)4/W#8$(D)=Z\]S!6L.SQG3PW2`
P#NB0:$;2G


H
:))M1!G;@^$Q<Z/1A2T;

W4AK4
32?R8@

[+





BYX;6RL
M5UUOHS@4?5]I_P/BO0%L`@E*4@50=T?:D5:K^7BFX`2K@!%VDO;?[S4&@B&M

MN8#E7D)&



MMY)D+UFV)J@`]SC4Q7F'?7]CG6$MTPX3SC&.CHAZA%PX21N/`A;H'42#];]!

ICMQ#SEJ?.508!P]J





M``8`````$`+


M.2YX;6RL5EUOFS`4?9^T_X!X;_A*($%)JH2JVZ1-FJ9]/+M@@E7`R'::]M_O
M&H

MKL
%:@M4TQ:OW!?
W=OUQP_+`V6/O
)8.









Q_I_'---VHBX&=8)IF_93M^S-^A/<CL=I%I])L$W2

M*[C\83B*?+DEE)2*\46:KZ^3Z[\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`?1EX!





MC_`R.[E]'PKPW9`*:K[MW`^]^P*R:1U6^Q(3\GD5U?
=6(&&(DV2!QE=R@`
MGT1)WQEH'\*ZTY6KBUI/D\NY^DD0SA9@W7WTE-2(K;6:?4G@C(O:B3)]R2X


WU/(`]&RW$YB'1L903EV*W_0/-TE//*36RC
M0S=#@T[1GO\7U-\*


_'WWQMQ


4LIS9%DB+VF=B14_TP9^.?*VSB2\MB=+G%N:


M_

]Y8(<N=Z82KT/-</PQ`YID*


UDMM^V_&9`

%T\`%



M65E%`OO#L'2.:

GREYA#






;'2`N
M^

M

$%``&``@````A`!'DYWA&!P``
+95!EY=7O/6R:.3[JX['
BX]U_EH5UZYWTA27K(/\

M?/



A$2)GHD#!I#



^@6FG0;AJARN3


MPJUY-
D6MI;8Z@_88$4NHHH5;3


NHO0-ML8:V9DCSM1S+MDEBZLR.5D+:UHP6V$
MF\766/!

V#-'(DH`TLH5M\QZ#

MZ#AAI7:
M7[Y






Y%U!C+H7YWK=6
P85L!
MZP90\+6?%=:[8
LH4W2I9L&60+KU=@)AB3@K?ZM^Q4?
F:4WEMO4MQA.Y9
M\`/:]/\7T'_HZANT)+S;KSMXG\__/
/_;Q3PGIN_YSG6=3=\P`#C?X3L_P
`
M`/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`



9C#%PF-!
0^!O



M*1C4#H5:FUGB&AB1H09L-VDB$_*`+5F+O$5=A_$XI6(.FG!!(B/9ZR?BCZE.
MR4TF?[OCWU-3*O@

LS37X!`U[1EPS[




+9


MV-H+_&73X#@0_@4``/__`P!02P


M$T@F2R:(_MYX\=)0-%2WGMXYP8NJQ
(&M\.(0.S+'/EI\'Z[;@X(TAS/+A4F
/$K-KG6L3R5+)3=+(&HY
MJ=TX[E7N`K3:0S5X/B+$_@$A_5)9K?XC]@L``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A


MLAPE8$0KE=E5Z'F]3&]0X@

%N[PHA:6B=?#H6@LN*/!))!E/


PDP-`!A

FBISV)4`Q`[[:;@/J[C*K0)YNV?]FVL2[^L2_\Y*

M``8`````$`M54P(_4```!
`@``P````````````````!6!```7W)E;',O
M+G)E;'-02P$+0`4``8`````$`I?&ZZTX``2'@``&@``````````````




``!@`````````````````





YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`




W



O

BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`NM*/A)4``#6!@``&0``````

S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`



`@``E08``!D`````````````


&PO<W1Y;&5S+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`GH\!&-D8``%/;```4`````````````````(11
M``!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(02)3]G10
`


MI6V4!@``IQL``!
`````````````````C:```'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`$G[\FP``J!0``&0````````````````!2


_6`9UR`@``J`4``!D`````````




&```9

S$N



3


M:&5E='




M
YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`CSF%E20$``!8#0``&```````````````


O









M`BT`%``&``@````A`&:PSNUN!0``DA
``!D`````````````````?A@!`'AL







M!@`(````(0`R=E=!_0
``%



 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonvestedRestrictedStockSharesActivityTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventDescription'







91/)$J).@]NV.H^RND@H$UVD?K;0BI(JYK45(QKX+R=B`

NVD
4^CA
MP6<_B7#4)V],%^J8_U']0J,TY*`-6]:&_4@Y#HJS<XJSG4R9^^Q-NQK:Q9Z


0=0X''7F;S@$ZYHUT_)C3@W
0=`X''7FCSD&UWLS$


6HG;$C&KJ]?%:%FCI'=6



M89Y)`HAL$*M:0^^SET`OP

4#
M'TCNUPNTW3K&BZ?5Z300*#W0&9)EPWA8_,.Q`^^\QLY@OJ8Y(FD
7=^@.D
M%
KYA=Y&NN@NT7MZSZGRJ;CH5+F(D^'[TWFMSE*]`(--_/`ZM#K+VC4FSO




MAU!INLX0\B[/%?@*OFO.[-5O52.8:6D^.:IA8L3HYSIRXY9*8N/#`7WR=!X%




=S6J*XP-(UN\#/DV9`&1WT
P2/7


YMI55MOCZ%1M@=0

M-
G0D7+:DO3T428R2'
'WZ\TC+5
+@F8;K0-T4:671DY+R$ZYRQNKEI[]PPA

1(SY
M!;=J;!SXM/X-PYGZ9G=NZ0W#4\%%A3B=L0G;-!QK+O2]2C2WK:VE5'4RW#
MU4U.1






M492AG^
X(#\G










MYV9+YU%:!9&P5F51+HI)I5*M2[B




VFH]+0KS3




]7+VIL0EHA7

UAK@9OK






MKJKVB7(7*5?H





EH*]QD'53
MPC!1Y9[`!
@0=PCSF^&(&IH/3/TG3NC0#S0HURK`0ZC6@X@PE$J?DCCK4TL@
MB+T?@X+C)ID^]A.$V
Q(;C+/4_.J%$':$CW]H+_HEC&
@R1A/4SZ&/VXD3
ML@N=?
ZX@V24K513#(TIN'G
\V5RT)+BC]<P*G^'@?0Q#+UH


0
M$6A&KFQ@#K3&^


%DXF@?T*Z@)!JA'[L@$`-/1=05?@U

%!ZPYUK+


\_RX
FE(A8?R2


LXRB@C#`M$80R1)L^V

M6K5JS0


Z*V
R8.P%U%``Y9B34M$I!F-`&BP!OPO\B0XKN42`:`F$.@2


M312&C
\663AXK14HGD7




M[
]'S7LH9H9[!GM;PK]NV5P$3%U/82=#UWKYM^OK;Z^81TJ.=PN\)
JNS0?E

MR
VY$XQ44$#FNN.Q&++HY:


M


%T

/K@-N

MY`@@68#35DI4=@YY;TQFL/!-%J.G8]1YGDQ^
'*ZX@]&%/H(S#GS)H-*[BJ?
MV

87D!G$*2%C@CTH/XA6DCUEB
)!.&1U.\Z[X'2BE?9E`)8P]O



M

%YZ[V0.

MPC'0U!T.!4VT#TWO3

O]QAA-
0F

.;

M-1RL[YR=*S9[0X'
3!#-#





'/[X

MKF9]-(T9=GA+JW6T9#E%5FF0BVB10R1602JD[A2X



9^+5VBOMSBJ40)D)@CH`6QMYBJ!]#9#$
M@,NF)V2LWP:V9;A&
FBE!P`L72O_Y71L/15T
DQ#*L(^EB\6)4%L3]-U00=




/\3/Y$+EJ[8@N
M$'D1Z+XN^#;S_F?.(4$_Q?7M.^M'.`/YX73J5XWZ5;UM&WF%1F!)Q?T^39$5
MT-6$W[PW[NP,FI9TF'9A[0G.W/%+,)-7DS4HUB((/6HSX.Q&FVGH6^91DE

\:14':6%VLS'3D*
M0!M\,PWFG.-TDJF-T%]D,#@CY+V!U]1,$1*6J!=2;\C;P9ENSWD7`%Y`F7
ML-&VG5Z;K
R(K%(X6.

)+.I\PLH/D:1@PG6
M43SQ9OA2QL26I1)GW(F3ZK(WKG#!AM#B`K/O;:^IDE$U\OZ@KZX6Z`E7Y2]
M_H8DJ#(XAYCD9F3'4X9'EA5M4P*ECHKDLH0EHHQD9=-9J-VC#
WX+2M(O]$



M]2!4&FM!^4$N8#`&C3G-I;(T(

MO9F'!'#HH8^BD%):@(M]6P8K0R70]8=2'4UCE4HL@XPD9MSAI&;]/7S`X[:+




UZQWG#:J5S5`/
M*9=@)X?J



XS

XQTCYZ61Q#OL7;
P83]@4$C*
SYY!P.0T
M5#FH.O^C+.

$?'EKR!Q/EE_K_*9H)3`O$0
ML'
0EZ)4BA%Y&(E




Q
M_J[=41BR4=6
'*0BG[6JT4


!ZK#9X\6RF,CT_GE9ZQQM!H*-A+HKW0
.;+



?EK3N5+:]+V$OQZ

$W#.

.3PD]2O;=1$EBB]RX$:73-CQ?_B=\/9?8%.:D\U1R6




M'*/HFL(?

MZX-RJYM4).6W3!E@^!EX@F%A`[ESJ%D?98P]PR3%

MC[
+#)DX?7`;5G?$/%[\W3-/7*8'.%I


M-P97\I_(LBB#&KVI\K;)U[02ILS:



-V`23H*9%UCT\8LK8'$+$
MS@


M-$MBI?!UHVZ/C&_0TM!I3!-1E-GJ




MD=AFC\T@!E@-LQ\K.62.I`FX;!DF??(8%BE8AN2%SGB&\:[!%[R84F;ATK.M


`!`OY8)R

?XLSBF77

M*O3FBG=`G8=G=I@T&

_53191!1QJO15[S@X)&^^Q4S;L]*OT

DU&1WV:5&;-
MUK*LEAP03@KK&CKLAV^WYBPAKCIDY

\!7S4X'



0%G8.]
MJLT7`:$&GS0=VZGW[6:K6RG^A//-X4I^B\(@1'_GL1
:C/$.JI4!^H$#=/68


M5O_CE1(`9:];/V?D(LGY@WZ:LO1K6)/X
=T*4A71[8*L*^O#+]#%*$=#N;+Q
MMOP
TACMD4\4XGQYJX5\LWW5K+]ZS3T'@
D@6`NK?C/:[J-@_(`.YB!3RRD0
M

HJA

WE29:`0(ZCPZ12W_RD`-*I(EG5I
R+F&;4PWSKP)
M

I_&YO[@CG.SI*Q-M!*T

IQ_JZ

')UN46JY0ZP[:7.MOZOV
RS
MUB-=J!;M+N1:%]Z



MBM81
R/SR[J!C







M/]Q?($I^YT%KDLM@&YTFQ(,`%COL'P%J`N%+^:4W\JZ/GP;'Z`.Y?^R1EY
M!(7Y%MC
V+6JA`$@U&Q&LD.V3/OG//#\3E)S&U2H)/X42_&G'(=5Y5UNA8
MY)9DNK.D)



R4S\Y@$I(H



M?W]C#:BV_@J[V+FS6+RVU$^_90`A+)'^)YXL_6JDODT]+8#53`B6?Z*YUN






B67[1;==MIM\]XATZ_

P9H^MYR#)PW






MW/]G'#/%?H:]SKX8\PDBH`L(Z/27(^!D+L
&/LDS.KX7#;O1ZMB-YO(@S+/`

;-4)(YM]\3'4.1MB=;X:5=?#S)SW;^YHJ68[E
MW^P9_LU.S5(@4QZZAI?^E4%L





6Y#U]\$*KU6!/GP.V5K];G/S^
M(1MH6[8*3[W%ML[12&03[P
X*6M
K8JI#S&!P2#S=`4U[P3;'KNQ]*_%1?]9


M#S[V0^M?IW0ZK5Y]I=FR4BO/*K*VJK(JEFK1M+1)Z(/&.,R?QKF(AJM9_J

5
1CF=LH/3&_^9I*4\3







RV#D)##(VVG/HW'5<.T+U3TA%1T]W14U.3@
M0IZ_:8D&5:<XTQ(4)HQ$8+*F=
*EF1=J.GIJ&GRA.ICF4



B



L
MSW=






HITFLZ@0VHEA.2,8/Q
MG?L*]^R0#^H(:\TM'YQX4ZIAS0^D-K@$#!SGW24GV!M`,7'P5,216^Y#(

MEE5:\X-1'!


PUT`D

A4XVC_C$1AEN+2)$VRKN2
MMMONJ3AK$@JH?TI=51J$K$B':I_NP(M-3;DM:Z0@68^GF$(^'7+/S\`V7.


M;R9V%\4ON'DWE#.H-)W#DY+G75IJ8A;Z12-TZE28Q3W$QA2EVGUBOPLR3N



U]GQR`^HJL;?Z[V=-K-^]^


/C&=)9%V8&AGS0Z116HQ`+6LT85_


0AQ?$WM#Z)T:0RJG_^&;2

A[QIK7OJ


M(R;+ZS8J0OB[14SJCXR7.2&%[URT;^=
`B87*75W/DPW-Q

MJ



M`N)Q0=R/];H&G`?I44-V)S;Q.)S077_#9RV6MS[WTZNQJ_A6]RC;*[[3C:3_


/#*1*TO%B@5R4OG-4^IY5&YR+0+T(U/5O
M[H99+573Y5N[]O?:'VJJ+Y8KOLT754EL6A)OS:4UQ:74:!
LR41$@@:[!Z&5


OKGS*=S3^`?L[ZT/



0@37V


1W*8T-

M0S=[-T8.X

:8:PFH1[@P^J`X'EN7C8%Q)0'G3.3#HIL$Q

3V-\8NH%
NV11C-2
MQJ*9L@?!Y29,\YV]J3T3V1.




CS;P^6FOBDR6#+/[:U3F
FY.T1W^6I:H=H*P`O



M='T[#LS7JWX]%N-OMA5@/&5LW5_NS%H9B

:
MNE$T#X'6\



!AS(D
MTTY;@$ZO69%#=T?AC)(.


2
MYJ&'_.S`]8G-QA
A$J*GL:?3=5W`=83Z,5_UFYKUEB,$__@AW&(V^H_2Z2

M_7LZ+\#
W-@/@6#NJ33Q?U6F?C&K'_O$49NX[-GXR&G]C]09Y8N*3

DT(ULFZ8R:L()AYD8)%7[`VW!?
M9\`(/%5H`-H3_-]428]
+P8-PJ`OXPMX3$
_'3'#H5*/Q1J3V%;L#Y[$Q1E7
M34*L8YY$S?J1^RXH







DBLD`\8WOLRDK1)*2[-%
8*NRKSESYQ`O]]MU38:
M@18Q:(-\MX!EI+'DCIQYB@_3':9&SV
?T\(5
_

V9B+O:YI54R!16PF\R?.COOB!=XTG5KN





:#D[(OC=&KX)
@-HL91382D
M



4[1/3X6\MX-L3^'*GN5F718AG_E2Z'*KM-X20=[FY89
M+1N

1@/L_
7'
MPTAZNAX
'[

M5/DF+_&'Y_G[@@

MQC@V?J

MUS&S*A/VM8K2%=*PJJ+;E


MG



M(`#0]:%

1Y.YRL\NP@HE5


M@UF6G
:ZK4PNX(3`!





#TD
M8G'/]S\R



TA/_'\HHBM1
R(&CN9*1








23S\M]3BKEV$[PU%S4P#S?1
MGZ


1\&


X<ZNSL7#8



3'Z*)W?J@5\$RE9#OPI#!=6\K]S0I(7A

C?'*KU2S%A#-\]%B$\4R18^--\[*H42#@4I18_Q1YHF.$:#.
M[WJ


1Q

MUF.JTU*=ZV:LQQY^RGJ'52_FF`UG-
`\8@8&)YV7]EVCB@8Y&[$0J5FHV33?
M&RKE0

G+



G)-28VTK2PA
M:`$
\Q0JDC





*#TI50IDRQG#2J65]#5?\K.[]B


U`=D[B)!
%L(=#'TET_EII
9E4+L7=9*
:NJ!;C;+1B41
MIK(ZV=@M]Q#G':*U;^LZ5#
KE;/D9(VD




Z*[8CO;$.A<UM=E+I5M':
M:A^K%$D3<-D-4`8_,`Q6,(;)W9_Q#.-=@R]X,27KPJ5G\YJ6RU[*M;4P7@,F
MESU$PTH6'N&MZMG082#M6E0?G%CNG0C$1$S`
1+N:!\D;IE\Q_93@V$R/E






M+_`:I-'P0+P
LB=VT.+*@WPYQ^U/FOURU2C0\.#IJ1D4['^X0
K1G$!BMIY%
MGS/R&N5<9#]-F?XU

MS6TG@
D@6`NKFF

(


P2)SLRD;`7C77*:&@
*@;Y[I


MH2JW'H1INQ+7_CJ]`UF;=5BW\`KKBPO`RFN(`)MM7^!^Y^X(X#SC%T;+NROK



M*\DUQ1:^&=?O!^N]W[A#!_&-']@K+8'/8Y[Z6PP




(



M)-5`L

RW


[KG'Y%)S.C-1;;KE'5F^E


O5PTWW1`0'XYJ'(Y*7/-'UU7/&`,VQ78Z!\^;PUA4ZI\Z7[:;CMT[9S;O
M])JVXQR8RQ^;?/\9^ND4#?L!)F











?

6GLFY;%ID?=QSZ;:?R[ELVAWJJ.?2;#P//O9#

U]=Y=E-;E870:O4B3%^7@19JP2/

M*?_N;%3B34UZI0N;F6!A$K&VARR&,R,0:\!T=*89$

_DXW=+
ZAPRGRCA
M^[Q!_)HNS/T

KV2\


MO!=C$45B]
/]):MW@M%GSQU@YJ4G+J4UE^:53]J\LEF_M$`\D4'CSN6DGENS
M2B4LK

M6NS$YHLRXU-P+X(DC.;87CZ&-_X6AJ
:%BWZ6SF@WJU-=D[K5ZG4T)R
M2[ZS#[C6P5+7:77Z.\!%(X:_BZ'P[I&)Q*UC3Z&T:WKB^MIF`:;$$CA^.I.

4_]Z.

&8VZZC4=DV.M
MA(!8]S]#/YTZ0W@HFY%.







M39K$(#TQW

M9W[*'+/WG








M/8Z]V[:=T+X;-%'(+OX4?(--AJ/%#N=K]:-3[9H.UI%N
C\&^[H?N



LK`5+


MZ
2=VX4
MS<=AA*1:_.K6@][KW89Q%&M]:V\`KC7_O=]T&CLN'!$BZD9FTQ\=IK=Y@HJ



-DNB=^?

L!?#PV)
MQ,G_RI?_5[_V*9BE24PF6.,+-2S<-+=B[W`TR^$XPOFM`ZWS!%AS*G)ZZ\Q



MG9[!C3?[Z)8@?PI^/(3_1[C1UJGU3J_3VASJ[+O;`SZ)A-@-]&[7Z6\#NO[R

9\!




%0##(PK'UH@'OT#0?_-?#Q(/%7P!_
MH]\\N+%,H1`CRZ4U%V8A6<`^K!=]N4;NC5AOV)_7K`\N+$V`P&YC#WMMX?#






5S0JUE'SMZK''W8V/J\L-`-AVV
MMWK4[=

M;G&G=

ME::U\'$9^MQ/L



.+4+-^
8XF!S(T%

@*[=

$%`````@`
M:S!_1B9;E4.R#0``PZD``!4`'`!P;'-B+3(P
30Q
C

M//:OT&`2A_@6+SS^_[?;RVVOFRRD^!XSVZ`E?NW'ZPEO


9

*Y-]


MG)LD9H










QABPXA\&K$UU%
MV8]K;Z7TKF+`J&WE2W`Y]F3;3RF^JQ``TMY*]=T5#J'NH93?%:B);J@TJ(-K


:?5)/@K&
M;Z;E\:V?RH__+

._VS[)=J]G$'F!^=H4-%/X?#\P/*.3#



M0Q5









MW!3.Z!!

M+L4)IN;\3DUAW4&\Q&`F!;AGLB^(1)1[/TSGT?D3%S0C=
6'&W^ER+VN4&@F


O4V#KB\CJ81CP&T!'8N


;2PX2_9/



VR&#V_.5'LJ?R


'%VG:XPJKM.[J
JY45V]S_UK///_




;JQB(Y


W%8D$FI$P[YD*HZ]




MQ27PYGE!O$#DE9`&2]3+BZ[K2LSX5M



H.AY1
R/M


D&8=XE*
&4HW@Z

M

MU#







MG&'$;0P9B7
4/V1








T=HA(@A69G1A<I_DR4_XI]NH7Y%D5T
M=]]-&+BR

MEB*6KN95=%#.@\
R?:)
)R
^-AN[E^G$6_1

M9#:F8[74Z4!]X@9`#_)B-C#8QT/UV?MZX7,!A7UA7O)A^GL#E:5*PMVJ0@


<.U7I5F\:
MU'WC;$V',Z$.176.%SC5O_A%%5:L&C#-



.R2PW!VXB?V-Y0@6`

MB$2S=^``^/-VN#^+._)]I9&G1M/+[9R7U%W??;JO+E)^#O/E?OH7/55Q'L;T
M%N'CUZ?''&:HN**TO;SH*M'TZOIAK.3%#N
F+_:78*BBBIU+[:)1_#P
UB1P




6(`D=KS\7Q5[IN3]_Y'GT+





+C(+
M@T;:JC\A$CS0[0XXB4G,/3KLI[V/54R3:[3GV#DZO`#5?X.HP%';E6S'J*
M6+2@]2M3&J/G7VB:[;

?[V(O:W-0
'

M_
DN^%S*41:MGKU2A`^OE/6N(50)Q_HR@B@P_`_-DNN&WQED]&$LT'#U!H

MK)
).W7IUGNVEPAP


M+O7HQ7E5_O9SYX%
=EH24(GQ9YQPQGF5U]`V\DJ4(H+



M$6S&KU;DNH+*#I07]`R1/[ASEWB6^F0ZKC@I'*M

M

]!6'^)$A)D=I]])=?`;[)N


OEVZ.!$(`6Y)2SU.L#:)O.AZG8$QS[&8R&7+38


P
-48KH3HI
E=I8)&`0D.@!



MN]SD6+_^3DF)




+*@Y-XICP*6F4
M7$4DGJ:GT8JPD;8U)CET0O+

Y


ZSR!=HEWL[[+YY2L./ER
M5!K!



M`


ZW
M'2S#



MPF.P@
%J)8'C10\

M&G]*U(\3=-%1I?B_O[D+B]H-^T)RN\]



&)8
M@SE/HGN-7YV_AV*#%E;-@M8?0=2^#I%R4ZV605QHC+H^75/*,9)\'B7_P!$U
M!P.S:@&N

M^&6AM(CHTSE)






M3#TT,)2=HQN;C[=WDB0K6.X\4(138\
0QP57YT!('11(_.M'E4ZL!@S6F4
M/TS2F/\/3V;]&7\9OBD.(TH?6)S,9&EP.[IV[0G/9]W&GEN?=1!
.Z/F@5


M7`RR@1^$

M*TR+IRN&5]QC8H/U%5]*

MU`I).D\79+XY5

MI*3`%_Q=JTVD+UN





O!BNPEJ9VV]*P:&.&9LFF
)I61]

M81!-NJ]G/=2IB`4]OVD`V3JJV9$!0RX#




4MZQ#.

H7%)9AVU:0D$:L_5(E^RG
BJM'$


YAX9W8!M


_0=#MUQY


M&Q(J
'C#A@?+K#R@.$F2[&O$*LY$&X-LX&Q

MK&


M0&00_1T+6@OCX=Z61$@B:*#)-)#^#L:J,#T@XQ2!`8-9BM,(]XY5=G;7GV

_A\@]^TH*81#'L9R@2T??FI

MM;0G_1T

?OPQJ#R9.K:!#%C\7
M6L





M7N.[2N?/
@ISB5-EZN(4#YW.'V(Z+VQ]S,)!T]H;@2L)#A7)*%MN%M1*JN;
M7!B11AH&A\Y)&J5ST2@*S(K)L9I@%@]\RM$*NG.642L+)CPY`H+H;5XG?X7
-UJ*H2PD
UWR1




M4CA1YH
Y6U.&_TH4@4AK=8F_BK\8+YKZZ0;/K.WKCA(/7(I@HGH?M
KI$3FC
M#UID%



J/
Z1/M8S

8X_/GW)^:N73?;$R;P@CVP
ZWP?98BAP/?]!SK:&0;TM`*&Q(.A
M*]-QSN8%8S/B)2PEVMQ8@
'M\KDA2_H)62#PDX$=8)UW`JN_@N&.`DDWP$S`




MXQ40A\ZX_-/`MY-/4@#

M


#%[
'3S`=LB

ZA5;I.:9VA].-O'PEB1U=
U4W1UJ
.A;6_

M:(%:)O


MDV.E0]

/


M+()L;S9TW[*+0N@R?1N;H/J@'3BBC*VR]%BDN-F
I_AVH&Z!$
IMH68.)&8_







'UWV8OT[A[@]458@?:@L%9



M60


M)\S`H&?IA2
.=H5$DT/4&936P),7-/ZA*BBES0@M85LX4IQ;%@JGL
:)`.
M.\JS0FZ/X[2BT(*-':8Z)*ND(447
8F7

+3+3R



OH
MHUQ&KGYB:ZL@VX^]`8U(+W)PVM!5C^TBUE5PYMPF@1S062'D=*+!JC7-OQ







MHTU&1?+AA@*2;_ACLJ\[&\%#&$'0^\R6:B4#Z]ME&P^4O.'S;([*,F-6







\


6M\OS@J5GGDN!WNJ!M_][.=4Y
M.EX:?/0%K#@=LU%&2Y4(V5Y;_^]U1`M




S9THWYT]
MD_@HM].\=O;TLM`VBQTXX5]
.^7UEA;ERS[7)/_]E.*8%/PGX[S+HA%VMNN$
MWI[@&L7!ALW1G4:*VGP\U;UR;[RR(M01UP?!MTVE]+E^:S^@#B5#C#)N1\


MGW-Q

]


S^K
MGK:ZC;Y5X]$TEEX<ZMD=]+0V3A\PR&5]X.]E@SYM\-O'!/-%JBV)U+B5]
2


C!?SK+U7;%8)_59DHVWAC+Q50YZ0;*70ZU[DEZ:


R*![+K2G<<L97F4Y*?)9:B.#7338R,4!MAFZ&.1&IX$'.*7+J:11
MEJ*&$#_M@A[B26SX@'3AM;3E(V^4X;7P'^C=
AHXH`LAQ.#Z.A$\L-G#RB(
MI*@HY6%0J?'C.OKZF8W%*(D2OG-QLUZM$F+

.F#HY@E4

-4__[;:VC7_;7H`(\P/T?S!Y)B^B1?,_F)9KFI$=L4
M0C9?-W9-&9I
$W6;'+HL]1NE[PK2^^4WN$OD84/V3K'!^AF.2K)'IN#8C

A[!)NMEB0




MY[/L\I:
YJ8.F=



MS.@YFT*Q


M^HZDZ(E-HO
_'WA3KY+B2SGQ+]?+.VQ:SM_#=PZBZ;J*:2=-U/21H$UQA2G)
MXILBHH7M(
^^G%3NPZYKL2/T$=^3E#^Q+II?^3C$

M]_*E0VJ#EJ+:92O4?.;PNT2G;\K5+BZ)XR.`+8Z_Z5+!.Q/7;$IO1(\OD-YU







Q_I
M5Q[6#9_#B32[7TTR%R.0==E!`)_!NNP6%1-@778`.E@#'4A%TB\XV99E__'\
MEV6EP@&Q+.N#YWD-B
9?EG6#^2
.@_HMR[:S&LRVX1L2^S]%$47WD(:+8H
MC_;LJ7\P?NV01B6.(MOE$

H6Z!&$566Q/FT_#F=








ACR$^9`Z20(W?7+8/WGKHA*=;+'9EQ
X17%\_+OAJ(:;TD@;=T66;S

M/

MD

MQ9@DEAQ=5A)&[



]4L4V^Y#G&3W+UG?%8IU
YO-L

[



M\63)0Y5E#J!(AIXR&:!V9U`=
9@3*CU(]?4(/D!DK??\;'J*IEQ#=#(79$F@
MD*AS_[S
AGI&DC7[79D257[3./[?=5XLS4OS@ZV%)..6+LN$'6@*3.^T'7[E


MI3J)46\

4LH,F3GS*EEVIT!SK$K?K:IT]480O0_&7
M4RLRZOQ01(*1P0N84#G[SJ70]*N_PGGJRMY&
5#UN_XYWI==U3Q?DY=N^


U8*RVIMS:8YM\;LI(I3$BB

?*#8Q9UYR)(8T[P\\\4O/=ZL[_(Y)646



/)#
M&M]N_?9O/2!H
D;NJR

6KU6V#:V)X=U+;$8S&^1?('G\72
MQ?!7J


W66%2[;:7*


;D7JAWL;ZQ5:H$YA#[UFQ=



MMU6@X:_'7D&X?E5]_KG[G._I`R_8:6I-S=O?3

S!\(7/MD

M[^J0$ZN.;IM'*;@6$FH9[;06%9E;TV+:EG`_/2\0V?$E\;T\UOBK45P$0[
M'Y3JS)CUVQ[9J`+.=M=W.?[GFH-_Y*/M
W/^7+UHT#F@!6QKW*J1`\




@E7P0M]92W\&5*@Z




MP:K?:?J(\\'UJ]$&U

MIUI:9/3IC.3S).-O==_B;\7'A'4^NAJUR0.J0R^8ZM.DE1+::*%?N1X2BM8'
MC8(NK?+T^9X5YJT





\GF4




2#UJJ5+
M.


MR_6RFIGD9VMLR=?4SP*@VAP(W'RON[1SA$I+J#)53_!R=
;OEE[R
Z.W7W'R




MAB?1




MG/^@J'W8F0=WE5W5EYJ8/ANR7:Y1C
O2L=W=9YXJ:`J2L4V1:I!TV?/K%^!%


M?SYY4U*)7F1TIQ\_?GR;_;5LVFCY_
\AOOWY;L;'KF?Z6:]A5.8OJW.&/O
M.O*])%.'\3



MV
2;M/%0S




M:8^


MT[-8


M.$5=WYU_U?$Z?H@3YOF;R$C@/9`@Z_ZKH(61OFW#;*'?+'\K)OYWR^CI[9S0
MMX)_\4
FR
F[TR)[ZS_YK[[F/-R2)16?#I
;;T4DG/.F\I9U1JMF
6;^*&)S

H9EP5K1XN\X2E$[\1QIL[&C!HI6M*@NU109!JMKE+.P=@@LN

M
JTI4/OO7=2^5&H,&,:<F[G@ZKPEG+UUYH`U?[!);5+I<10


/H6WA$OCD(RG\1Q



M3

C:.H:%RKYJL
@D


M0L-EE@VM63]@Y&@G62`@HC8BN01B\]K=#4D*:36C2TN%=L35`C*(_&X@M;E:
7U(R#0]$<[5K!19:B=T`99H\$K8C




M7==TE68QRTNRH#[5N!`06BAZ@SGOUNC!-=+:;7PB[&*B8N.HXW#$=WL$V`

U0;O:*.?T%*_JC=SFVI]]K;4J._['3Q









Z#J'!YR9V7(



RB4@YWSV$$I%?+0D2M+VI1W&YID:Z#'0E`7KY
M
SLT#8*[



QKP
QV7*N'BS
MC+NLMLT-^9;]1;L]`Y$#@1_L!


JR


-%.C/4QOS5;C!+


JI
M';B&4A'&ZM:9A`IW/1







MR'*5N0KP)'SBJHL8U86*#&3H-Q+V!:U$6:[B*E-`U]7;@=L'^T):ISY7(2]7



3/PU`W44)`
M&SEP!^C/EG6`JI&'8J
S1X`N3BCNH['_1TH9V7E'AJ]9@`=W;/I`OP+1']S6
MFG





6=


5H.D(B%5RDI1F1LOX0OO=%&DTU1K$NY4







M@]%MYH*U5YXKXUF6NK8S9M_7QVQ.

T@_-E;4@0A^H.4[F@5EOA[HL5C4.6O@4!
B#



MU%-A'NI+&(


*!'YI(EF'#728*H4B#=^MER(NTY1


!D\:%((/L[@P72.:T





8;486'2&


?NG3%?5#4I-&Y

M=BD&J6`S#!ANK#DRV:J*J\I6O!OYTL6X;/O&=D;V9E#ME.Z&$=U$V3.C9'[+
M_\NHGQ35&S/IK







MLRC63



HM8




MOS3:?.IU:W

B=

K_
4L]S


MDS8:CZH??DT==2UUM

WXN+**]81G^ZT4_



M6*XWDMX2/PI]SFNFY)M([-]3/Q'/R!0.R7A,/CYWP';3=L.L6.F+1



M\L4M9:*



M3[K!^)EJD('2'Q!:4)$JAVPN`%A=@II\7T:BB@(`1U@W;L!I9[PJF&$2;R_?




)Q;FF;MT1<LFC5DC7QGM+Y;DQ
M?P.9O^!S%O^Q






MK


M@3SPTT:-_KQSX8)7NA]M^Q^5'W#



7@I3C-_H\GC



J2H2
M=X0]49^

YH7.5?J6S25ML0/



M95!H3W.T0J._A#29+A9$W/U^]^&==@I0M$4+IRI5U=2H5LR!1O[.-W^R4.U/
MMJKM/W3:5K5U

(B%YE?IH+//#T[SRS+?W\5,?W=4YL^L/?3
MX)']HIQ&M\?ETG/&5=8._:N\*I5HLC:&87*S/F=^8<#7A*NQ<%3A6!J&/
\IFJ;P*2GGY
M6FT;+;K?L


M*KE!CM/D


M%X6X4Y8)6[Y-GVV[-W^
B[_&IYK-1KONL)?(UF;227W'8#_9`O3@Q60N'N`E


M;.#G=0.?YF'`S]D4.RFL_#/3EEH;Y&/(GDX_-B6;=H9!Y?#KTQB5$UMIIU;A



JN-(+%6R





5]I


T:Q3AS5R)]B



#$T
3(S


M.(N#W/113W;/




P%X?I
!U$_8N.
<.)/HE_3SZN8

$5ZIM-;I@/
M`=LIP$$RG#-=I)1;6%
8;G$

M3U;0*8?




M+*$4N[&_W3
OJY!;0VT5R81]$#Q

Y<;96/W)XV@U`K2S307</D+3X4&L][@!M?8W&FJS05TFLPX
M^3.!F#X]K%$U6IW0'AK;N[4^4@::#'=LM`NI:1Z):5#8Y-8OZ2$WN6?&GSG

MRG6+)3H#




]H`(Y9JHY;&W#S



Z=KYVU'5S^**'?5IFJ][-L3/XC(R;
M*:
$5WIWIZ5CYX):F:==E=T$ODHIK&6W]`Z0G4&7@)LEHRBEOR/4LE#]WE#5

M?]7G_YL4^9^<D^_('*6'5)[)8Q8O.IR&*_G<G6I;PL+FHK,*^*R;GWWX!X1V
M\!@&N8@T[3BD,F6TC$8V<&XQYYAQ3A$$XRDVQ+8X?=RYW
#@@JI?JL-@^0X
MO(-ZKQ%R@&?;A@PJ)'C#6




[LY\IP7V=G(JB@RGG[\8[K$\#
ZXCPA_C6+Y2F%0]$_^-#OI*[
MPLLA0(-`UGPO.B).Y+0F3[`^@^F.,O\^G97]1-U_R?MFZIC6BXX7$Y_-:@F
M;]49L@A68/'32)!0JD/LL$B#63*1)GZ/6;+*12F([!25ZG@VMD)LBPCU4+@R







4`````!K,']&C_,`Q2R-``(.04`$0`8

#$T
3(S

M`00E#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````!K
']&)EN50[(-``##J0``%0`8````

#$T
3(S

M``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`:S!_1H9'KL_^$0``408!`!4`&```

C`Q-#$R
S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#ZG`:575X



``!$`

C`Q-#$R

B``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&``8`&@(``*HF`0``````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 200
000


        
        


        
1
055


        
182
738


        
5
506


        
$ 177
232




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 reflects the carrying amount of unpaid loan amounts due from related parties at the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 leasing and debt arrangements between related parties.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 771
759
$ 771
356


        
116
958
269
936


        
13
293
        


        
30
716
39
231


        
93
272
1
079
523


        
        
        


        
(23
238)
(4
318)


        
909
488
1
075
205


        
(909
488)
(1
075
205)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before valuation allowance
 attributable to deductible other tax carryforwards.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      






























Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Options Granted
 shares
        
        
100
000
3
100
000
4
500
000
        
        


Stock Options Granted
 per share price
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Option
 terms
        
        

 2013
 July 30
 2013 and January 31
 2014.

 2012
 April 30
 2013 and October 31
 2013.
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Options Were Exercised
 shares
        
25
000
        
        
        
        
        


Stock Options Were Exercised
 proceeds
        
$ 12
500
        
        
        
        
        


        
25
000
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
75
000
        
        
        
        
        
(25
000)


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
545
288


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
51
084


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 494
204


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the terms of a profit-sharing
 rabbi trust
 pension
 employee contract
 or equity-based (including stock or unit option) plan
 is not actually paid until a later date and is therefore not taxable until that date. May also include some split-dollar life insurance arrangements. This type of arrangement is usually made to help employees postpone paying taxes on the income and also to retain employees longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 wages
 profit sharing and incentive compensation
 and other employee benefits
 including equity-based compensation
 and pension and other postretirement benefit expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        





        31:
        
    
    

    
$540
355
$396
014

    
(16
500)
(13
680)

    
523
855
382
334

    
    
7
000

    
20
894
37
699

    
$544
749
$427
033





        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 loans
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivable
 credit cards
 and receivables relating to a lessor's right(s) to payment(s) from a lease other than an operating lease that is recognized as assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
M



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,#0T,S,S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
M,#,Q,C4U8V4W-6$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#`T
M-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


M='


T0B5V]R:W-H

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



M
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YV96YT
M;W)I97



























O4VAE970R

M;G1S7U)E8V5I=F%B;&5?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H



M/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YV96YT;W)I97-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@

M;65N=%]A;F1?26YT





M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M971S+U-H965T





M26YT


S
N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7



M871I;VY?1&5T86EL


O


#I.



O4VAE970T
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K


M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0V]M









M





T0B5V]R:W-H




S
SE?-C5F-E\T
M
61E7V%D-35?8C`S

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R

M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@





]



]

]
T1T97AT/E!U;'-E($)E=F5R86=E($-O





]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP93PO=&0^

]


T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R
M:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$
M96,@,S$L#0H)3(P





]



BTS
M

]
T1T97AT

]


]


T1T;W`^27
@16YT:71Y(&$@


]

]


]


]





#`\




]


]


]


#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?
M860U-5]B
#
Q

T0G=&5X




#$T

]
T1R



]

]
T1P


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
T1N=6UP/C0R-RPP
M
S

M=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




\+W1D/@T*







]
T1N=6UP/C(L




T1T;W`^

L(&YE=!O9B!A8V-U;75L871E9!A;6]R=&EZ
M871I;VX@;V8@)#@U+#8V.2!A;F0@)#4T+#(R.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/C
T


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






C(X

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


S


S
RPU.#D\


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L-C(S+#8Q




]

]
T1N=6UP/C@X


#$L-#$X/'-P86X^

]



]
T1N=6UP/C0P
2PT




]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+`Q
#`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R
M:7IE9P@)#`N
#`P











]
T1T97AT/B9N


]

3`L-3
X+#(T



T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#8R+#$X



RPV
C



]


]


#`P+#`P
M
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9P@)#`N


]
T1T






]

S$L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\+W1D

#`P


#`P
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!S:&%R97



#`L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T


]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#(W-BPP




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]








]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
#`P+#`P





T1T;W`^4')E9F5R


]


M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]








]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX
#(L
3

]
T1R

]
T1N=6T^*#0S.PX,C$I/'-P86X^/]S


]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M
S8S+#



BPT

BPR-S$L

]





]
M







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V5N97)A;!A;F0@861M

]
M

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S96%R8V@@86YD(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT/]T


\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#$X
M+#DX

]






M
RPP








]



]



M1&YU;3XH
C8L


@;V8@9&5B


]

]



]

S$L-S8T


]


;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@
M*#(L-S
Q+#

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L
3@R+#(V



M;G5M/B0@*#`N



@

#`W+#`P




S
Y7S8U
M9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P







]



M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^061D:71I;VYA;!086ED+4EN




N(#

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPX
M



]
M



]


]


]

M;W(@8V%S:!A=`D

M;7`^




#(L



I



]

RPS





RPS
S








3`P+#`P


]



]


]






]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS


]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

M('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4P


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS


M

M;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


]


]




]
T1N=6T^*#
Y-2PX
C`I/'-P




SDU+#@R


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]



]

;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+#$X

RPQ.#(L
C8Q*3QS

]


3(L-C8X+#4X


]



]

M96
N(#


]

]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#8U


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S










]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P


]
T1N=6UP/C4P.2PP





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^










T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P

S@L

T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

S$L(#(P

]


]
T1T97AT


T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@*%-H87)E

2P@


]


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
M
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U8V4W-6$O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]

Q+#

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L
M
3@R+#(V






]


]



]


M

M1&YU;7`^
3


]
T1N=6UP/C(V+#`P



M




]
T1N=6UP/C












M9VX]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S-RPQ


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]



]


3




]











]

30L
M



]



M87-H(%5S960@:6X@26YV97-T:6YG($%C=&EV:71I97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@









]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]

\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
#4X
M+#8P







2PW


@86YD(&]P=&EO;G




]
T1N=6UP/C0Y
BPY-C










M97AT4&%R=%\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U8V4W-6$-







]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3F%T=7)E(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]

M

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






@9F]R;65D

L(%1H92!0=6QS


M-CMS(&YA;64@=V%S(&-H86YG960@=&\@)B





:6UE861E(&%N9!#;V-O;G5T(%=A=&5R
M(&%N9!054Q3128C


@:6YD97!E;F1E;G0-FQO8V%L(&%N9!R

M.B`Q




M+#4Q-R!A;F0@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&]F(0Q+#$T,PQ
C
N($%S(&]F

Q+`R,#$U+!W92!H879E(&]B=&%I;F5D(&%N(&%D9&ET:6]N
M86P@)#DP-2PP

M9F]R(#(P
3







#$T



M





@86YD




M97



M97


@;W(@8V]U;&0@


M97

M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY792!B96QI979E('1H870@
M=&AE(&5X:7-T:6YG#0IA;6]U;G0@;V8@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L(&%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#






M86YC90T*;W5R(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T,#0T,S,S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U
M-5]B,#,Q,C4U8V4W-6$-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S

M='




CX\


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]

]


]

'!T+VYO





M;BP@5&EM97


@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D
M(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&]F($%M97)I8V$@*$=!05`I#0IA;F0@
M=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97





M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M(&%M;W5N='

M92!O9B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='









@97AP97)I96YC960@8GD@=7



L(&9U='5R92!R









M;R!B92!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S+B!#87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S(&EN8VQU

N($%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+!T:&5R92!W97)E#0IN;R!C87-H(&5Q

M86P@5&EM97

T0G9F]N=#H@


M=&%N8V5S('=H97)E('=E(&)E8V]M92!A=V%R92!O9B!A('-P96-I9FEC(&-U



M96-T960N($%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@:7

@=&AE






2P@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M










M;W)Y('%U86YT:71I97



M;VYO;6EC(&-O;F1I=&EO;G



2!B92!I;F%C8W5R871E+!W


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








@87)E












N)B
Q-#@[
M($%30R!4;W!I8R`S-C`M
3`M



M979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97




@:7



M('9A;'5E+B!);B`R

M


M5&EM97





30W.U!53%-%.B!.=71R:71I;VX@36%D92!3:6UP;&4F(S$W



@86YN=6%L;'D@9F]R




@=&AA;B!T:&4@8V%R



@:7
@



T0G9F]N=#H@




L


M=&5R;6EN86)L90T*86YD(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@

@


M='








@;W(@




M5&EM97



M97





2P@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C`Q,RX\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


M:65D('5P;VX@87



M5&EM97





@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L('=E

M
C@Y+#0T








@=&\@=F%L=6%T:6]N('1E8VAN:7%U97

M97-T('!R:6]R:71Y('1O('5N;V)S97)V86)L90T*:6YP=71S(A,979E;`S

C`M





@;V8@=&AE(&9A:7(@

C`M
3`@87)E(&1E

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2`F(S$U






979E;`R(8C
34P



L

@86YD(&QI86)I


@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N



@)B
Q-3`[(%9A;'5A=&EO;G
@8F%S960@;VX@:6YP=71S

M(&%C=&EV:71Y(&%N9!T:&%T(&%R92!S:6=N:69I8V%N=!T;R!T:&4@9F%I




@

M-7!T)SX\:3Y&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='




M86-C;W5N='



2P@




M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M




@87)E(&-O

M9FEN86YC:6%L#0IS=&%T96UE;G0@86YD(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F%S:7
@;V8@





@;6]R92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@

M5&EM97

M97










2P@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@=&\@8V]N8V5N=')A
M=&EO;G



&-E<W,@;V8@=&AE($9$24,@:6YS=7)A;F-E(&QI;6ET
M+@T*07,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,30@86YD(#(P,3,L('=E(&5X8V5E
M9&5D(&EN<W5R86YC92!L:6UI=',@8GD@)&YI;!A;F0@)#$L-3

RP@

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

30V.W
@





C`Q
M



M;W)M86P@5&EM97


@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&EN
M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!!4T,@-S$X+`F(S$T-SM3=&]C:R!#;VUP96YS


T0G9F]N=#H@
M



@

M;7!L;WEE97





M=FEC92!P97)I;V0@87






M;X@5&AE(&%M;W5N=!O9B!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX-G)E



M9F5I='5R97
@=&\@8F4@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%T('1H92!T:6UE('-T;V-K(&]P
M=&EO;G




N(%1H92!T

30W.V-A;F-E;&QA=&EO;G
F(S$T.#L@;W(@)B

M;G







M;BP@5&EM97

@86YD($1I;'5T960@3F5T#0I)










#$T(&%N9`R,#$S
M+!T:&4@9&5N;VUI;F%T;W(@:6X@=&AE(&1I;'5T960@15!3(&-O;7!U=&%T

M($504R!D=64@=&\@=&AE(&%N=&DM9&EL=71I=F4@969F96-T(&]F(&]U='-T


@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD
M#0HR
#$S(&ES(#(S+#



L



M=&EO;G



M(&-H86YG92!T;R!O=7(@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='


M;VYT.B`Q



M5&EM97

34L('1H92!&:6YA;F-I86P@06-C
M;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'
-D)O87)D(@F(S
T.T9!4T(F(S
T.RD@:7-S


Q
M-#@[*2!.;RX@
C`Q-2TQ+`F(S$T-SM);F-O;64@4W1A=&5M96YT(T@17AT


M



34M
2!T




@3F5W

M)SX\8CX\:3Y!4U4@




#$T

#4M-#`I)B
S-#LN($%352`R
#$T+3$U('!R;W9I


#$T+3$U(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV

@96YD:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U


M92!A9&]P=&EO;B!O9B!!4U4@

M='

T0G9F]N=#H@

M-G!T(#`@
`Q-RXX-7!T)SX\8CX\:3Y!4U4@,C`Q-TQ


M/DEN($IU;F4@
C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@,C`Q-TQ
M





30M





M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

30M


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4

`Q-RXX-7!T)SY);B!-87D@
M,C`Q-P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q-TP.2P-B8C
30W









I
M+B!!4U4@


34L(#(P


C`Q-BX-E=E(&%R92!S=&EL;!E=F%L=6%T
M:6YG('1H92!E9F9E8W0@;V8@=&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F($%352`R
#$T+3`Y

@

M-7!T)SX\8CX\:3Y!4U4@
C`Q
RTQ



C`Q
M
RP@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352!.;RX@
C`Q
RTQ



30X.R!!4U4@
C`Q
RTQ
2!A;65N9'
@=&AE(&=U:61A;F-E(')E
M;&%T960@=&\@=&AE('!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X



M05-5(#(P
3
M
3$-FES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@86YN=6%L(&%N9!I;G1E






S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
S$R


]
M

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]




]
M

]
T1T

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


T0G

M;3H@0FQA8VL@




M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R#0H@(`@(`@(#


@


M;VT[('=I9'1H.B`R




T0G
M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LR



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




Z($%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C
M;W5N='

M4V5R:68G/B@Q-BPU



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

3
L-C@P*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



M

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M97


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@=&5X



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
M
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M.B!T;W`[('=I9'1H.B`W

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M86P@5&EM97

M26YV96YT;W)I97






M:6XZ(#`G/B8C





M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D






M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT






T0G9F]N=#H@

@:6X@=')A;G-I=#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC




M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



M5&EM97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U8V4W-6$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M9VX]
T1T;W`^3&]A;B!296-E:79A8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



M;BP@5&EM97

C`Q
2!W92!L;V%N960@)#(P



2P@

M8V4@;V8@)#$W-RPR
S(@:7


S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D
M95]A9#4U7V(P






]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^




]












M5&EM97




M:6XZ(#`G/B8C

3DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

@3F5W









M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M

T0G9F]N=#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M+#8Q

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M0FQA8VL@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

S0P+#`U
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@




2P@



M97

Q-C`[



M($1E8V5M8F5R#0H@(`@(`@(#


Q-C`[/]P/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T





Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@





M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
SPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V

\

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




T0G=F5R

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

S@X+#4W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT






M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




@






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

7!T('-O;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M




7!T('-O

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



C4N-7!T)SY&
M;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S



@86YD('1H97)E869T97(@:7
@87

M:61T:#H@




M



M




#`P



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C$P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=#H@





M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

PQ,34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q
M9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q




]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T

M97

T0G9F]N=#H@



M/3-$





M;&4]

M
2PY

M#0IV86QU92!O9B`D

M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@,3%P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97
@3F5W



M.B`Q
'!T)SYB*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


#`P+#`P

#`-G)E8V5I=F5D(&%S(&%T($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#,Q+`R



30N
G!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

2P@
C`Q
R!A






'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GDG


BPW


M9B`Q






M92!O;F4@861D:71I;VYA;!S:&%R92!A=`D



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXX-7!T)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T)SYD*3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N

3`P+#`P
X@16%C:!5;FET



3@L(#(P



M
!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3`P)3L@9F]N=#H@

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G9F]N

M(#4X+#
S
R!A=`D,XT


M97


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T)SYF*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@,3!P=<^:7-S=65D(#(W-2PP






M.B`Q-RXX-7!T)SX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T)SYH*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P


T0G=VED




C4L
M
#`P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97

3(L


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

M97

M.2XX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$Y


@;V8@26YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;B!T;R!A


M=&EO;G


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3

@;V8@


S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
S$R


]
M

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M8RX@
S$L(#(P





]







M(#

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?
M860U-5]B
#
Q

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


M;&%T960@0V]S='



T1T;W`^4W1O



`P)SXQ,X@

M9GDG/D]N($IU;'D@
CDL(#(P

30W.S(P
3$@4&QA;B8C
S0[

M;R`T+#4P







@=6YD97(@=&AE(#(P
3$@

#$W+B!!('1O=&%L(&]F(#(U)2!V97-T960@:6UM

#$S(&%N9!/8W1O8F5R(#,Q+`R
M
#$S+B!/;B!-87D@
BP@
C`Q


@82!R97-U;'0@
C4L
#`P#0IS



C`Q

2P@
M
C`Q-X@3VX@36%Y(#(Q+`R
#$S(&$@=&]T86P-F]F(#(U+#`P,!S=&]C

3(L

M97

Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R




M87)G:6XZ(#9P=`P(#AP=`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y





2P@



S

3`P+#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@



2P@

T0P('-T


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.S(P

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO











M
















M-2XX-7!T)SXF(S$V

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C



Q-C`[



T0G9F]N=#H@




L





M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M;&4]


38P

M5&EM97

M





M-2XX-7!T)SXF(S$V

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



M

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




M=#H@





M

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N
C5I;CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G=F5R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1F]R9F5I=&5D+T-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`M



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[17AE








M97

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U



T0G9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M=#H@



2P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG
M+7)I9VAT.B`M

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M
RPP-S4L






34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+C





M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N
C5I;CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G=F5R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1F]R9F5I=&5D+V-A;F-E;&QE9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D
M:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`M



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M9&5N=#H@+3`N





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M-RXX-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q





M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O


M

M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.B!;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R




M;W1T;VTZ($)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M92P@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




'!T+VYO



M87)Y(&]F('1H92!S=&%T=7

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3

M:61T:#H@







M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT



M:6XG/B8C









M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@
`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/D9A:7(@5F%L=64\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U

34E.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N



M-'!T)SXF(S$V
'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`M






T0G

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT




M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U
M)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TP+C(U:6XG/B8C

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M
34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3`N

T0G9F]N
M=#H@





M




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@+3`N





M

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M4V5R:68G/BT\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C4L
#`P*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M;&5F=#H@


M+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@





M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q

M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U8V4W-6$O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




@;V8@87-S971S(&%N


M86-T960@=&%X(&QA=W





M
T0G9F]N=#H@




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T












M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

M;&5F=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF




M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B




M

T0G9F]N=#H@

3$V+#DU.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I







T0G9F]N=#H@


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B





T0G9F]N=#H@

3
L



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

M-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G




M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

SDL
C




M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M/B@R
RPR


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W








M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@

M;&5F=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M




@)#$V-2PW



L('=H:6-H('=I



T0G9F]N=#H@




@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L
M(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3


#$T(&%N9`R,#$S+!T:&5R92!W87
@;F\@:6YC;VUE

M('1H92!I;F-O;64-G-T871E;65N=P@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@;VX@=&AE





M875T:&]R:71I97
@9F]R('EE87)S(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
M



S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?
M8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0P
M-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$5


]







\+W1D






@.#(P+B8C
38P.U1H92!H:65R87)C:'D@9VEV
M97

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M#0HH3&5V96P@


@86YD(&UO9&5L

@*$QE=F5L(#
I+B!!;@T*87-S
M970F(S$T-CMS(&]R(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y)B






@9F]R(&YO


@=F%L=6%T:6]N(')E




@86YD(&QI86)I

M8F%S:7
@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



3
E.R!P


T0G9F]N=#H@

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@










M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF







M

M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@








34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;@T*;V8@



2P@
M
C`Q







M/B8C







M;&5F=#H@



M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@



M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G










M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M8VAN:7%U97
@9'5R:6YG(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
N($EN(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3



S
SE?
M-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
S$R-35C



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5

]





T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET
M;65N='


@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M96%S97

M9'





2P@

T0P('-T





T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

Y+#
X
#PO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O







M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

X+#8T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^











T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@



@96YD960-D1E
M8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R


S
M
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
S$R



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5
13X-

]





]


\+W`^#0H-


PP-3`L,#`P(%5N:71S#0IA=`D
M

2PP
#4L
#`P

#`@=V%S(')E8V5I=F5D#0IS=6)S97%U



M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V
M7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13



@*%!O;&EC

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@

]

]


]





6EN9R!F:6YA
M;F-I86P-G-T871E;65N='






@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P



@870@
M=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%N9!T:&4@

@:6X@




M='

M86-T;W)S('1H870@=V4@8F5L:65V92!T;R!B92!R96%S;VYA8FQE('5N9&5R

@;V8@=VAI8V@@9F]R
M;2!T:&4@8F%S:7
@9F]R(&UA:VEN9R!J=61G;65N='
@87
@=&\@=&AE(&-A




N(%1O





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=7)E9!L:6UI=',N(%=E(&-O;G-I9&5R(&%L;!H:6=H;'D@;&EQ=6ED(&EN
M=F5S=&UE;G1S('=I=&@@86X@;W)I9VEN86P@;6%T=7)I='D@;V8@=&AR964@


M97%U:79A;&5N='
@:6YC;'5D92!C87-H(&EN=F5S=&5D(&EN(&UO;F5Y(&UA


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@-G!T(#`@

M9B!F86-T;W)S+B!);B!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S('=H97)E('=E(&)E8V]M92!A





M;&4@:7


30V.R!O=71S=&%N






2P@


]
'0^/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4




M





M=FEE=R!O=7(@:6YV96YT;W)Y('%U86YT:71I97



@;W(@;W1H97(@9F%C








M;VYT.B`Q



M;G0@86YD(&QE87-E:&]L9!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',-F%R92!S=&%T960@870@







M:7



@87)E(&1E


T1T;W`^3&]N9RU

]







V
TQ,TP-2P@)B


M3&]N9RU






3$U+#

@











M:65R(&EF('1H97)E(&ES(&%N(&EN9&EC871I;VX@;V8@:6UP86ER;65N=X-
MDEF('1H97)E(&ES(&%N(&EN9&EC871I;VX@;V8@:6UP86ER;65N=!O9B!I
M9&5N=&EF:65D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&YO=!S=6)J96-T('1O(&%M

Q


M:68@:70@:7




C`Q
M


]


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4



M86UI;'DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
















X\+V9O;G0^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL



@;W(@9&ES=')I8G5T;W(@=&5R




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@-G!T(#`@



@87)E(&EN










C`Q

'0^/'`@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97







@;V8@07!R:6P@=&AR

]


]

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8V]S='

T0G9F]N=#H@

M(#`@

M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R

3
V+#DW
2!A;F0@)#(X





T0G9F]N=#H@

M-G!T(#`@

@=&AE







T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M.B`Q




@



M;BP@5&EM97

M96P@
R`F(S$U


M='D@86YD('1H870@87)E('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('1O('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E

M(#




]




M97

M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='



M96ER(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
M


]
T1T97AT/CQP('-T

M97


T0G9F]N=#H@

M(#`@


M='




@;W(@8F5N969I
M='




M8V4@:7












@87)E

T0G

-

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#



@86YD($-R961I=!2:7-K/]T9#X-




M;65N='
@86YD(')E;&%T960@:71E;7

M=6)J96-T('5S('1O(&-O;F-E;G1R871I;VYS(&]F(&-R961I=!R:7-K+!C



Q+`R
M,#$T(&%N9`R



M5&EM97




@;VYE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@
M8W5S=&]M97(@=VET:!A(&)A;&%N8V4@:6X@97AC97-S#0IO9B`Q,4@;V8@

C4E(&%N9`S-24@
M;V8@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V4@:6X@,C`Q-!A;F0@
C`Q


30@86YD(#(P
3


T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S960@0V]M



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(S$T-SM!4T
@-S$X)B




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@:6X@86-C
M;W)D86YC92!W:71H($%30R`W





@


M#0IM96%S=7)E9!A=!I='
@=&AE;BUC=7)R96YT(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@87
@



@=71I;&EZ:6YG









@3F5W(%)O;6%N







]

M9!$:6QU=&5D($YE=`T*26YC;VUE(A



30W.T50
M4R8C
30X.RD@86YD(&1I;'5T960@15!3(&]N('1H92!F86-E#0IO9B!O=7(@

@
M:7

C`Q
RP@=&AE(&1E;F]M:6YA=&]R(&EN('1H92!D:6QU

@=&AE(&1E;F]M

@9'5E('1O('1H92!A;G1I+61I;'5T:79E

M8F5R(#

]
M

@3F5W

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\:3Y296-E;G0@4')O;F]U;F-E;65N
M='








M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

T0G9F]N=#H@








M86]R9&EN87)Y(&ET96US+B!!4U4@
C`Q-2TQ(&ES(&5F9F5C=&EV92!F;W(@

34L
M(#(P

M;65N='
'!E8W0@=&AE(&%D
M;W!T:6]N(&]F($%352`R
#$U+3$@=&\@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R:6%L(&5F9F5C

M=&EO;G




30M
34\+VD^

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;RX@
C`Q-TQ-2P-B8C

@
C`U+30P*28C
M
S0[+B!!4U4@




@;W(@8V%S






30M
3(L#0HF(S$T-SM#;VUP96YS871I;VX@
M)B
Q-3`[(%-T;V-K($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B`H5&]P:6
@-S$X*3H@06-C;W5N

@5VAE;B!T:&4@5&5R;7
@


@82!P97)F;W)M86YC92!C;VYD:71I
M;VXN($%352`R


30M
3(@=&\@:&%V92!A(&UA=&5R:6%L

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G





#8I+B8C
30X.R!!4U4@

@=&\@
M=')A;G-F97(@9V]O9'

@;W(@96YT97)S(&EN=&\@8V]N





M5&EM97

3

M3F\N(#(P
3
M

!96YE9FET(%=H96X@82!.970@3W!E<F%T:6YG($QO<W
@



@*8C,30W.TY/38C


M;W)W87)D('=O=6QD(&)E(&%V86EL86)L92!T;R!R961U8V4@=&AE(&%D9&ET
M:6]N86P@=&%X86)L92!I;F-O;64@;W(@=&%X(&1U92!I9B!T:&4@=&%X('!O



#$S+B!4:&4@

3
M



M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]



M
S$L(#(P







M/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!W



@;V8@1&5C

M
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#(P)3L@8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LR







M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


#$T




RPV

M4V5R:68G/E1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@+2!N970\+V9O;G0^

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

C



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

S@R+#
S-#PO9F]N=#X\

M;&4]






M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@



@





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
C4U



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



]
T1R93X-


T0G9F]N
M=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q



T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O
M='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$U)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT






T0G=F5R=&EC





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@



M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M




M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@



M97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

3@W+#DW.#PO9F]N=#X\



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P




]
T1R97!O


@*%1A8FQE


]
M





M

M9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O
M;3L@=VED=&@Z(#$T)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(^#0H@(`@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P






M=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O



M
RPW


3



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T




M

T0G9F]N=#H@






T0G9F]N=#H@

T


]



M

M9VEN.B`P)SXF(S$V



M87)G:6XZ(#`G/B8C

3DE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


@








M:6=H=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


S0\+V9O;G0^

34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L





M5&EM97


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPV

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97









T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

7!T('-O;&ED.R!B;W)D97(M



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




]

M






T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#

M-RXX-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





T0G

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=#H@





3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

RPP

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



34\+V9O

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
M






]

T1)1#!%2$@^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



L(%-H87)E+6)A


T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@5V5I9VAT960@079E

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R
M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@=VED=&@Z

M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ('1O

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P








6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R




M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G

30N
G!T

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@








T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M

M9VEN.B`P(#`@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/B8C



M:#H@



Q-C`[/]P/@T*(`@



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@






Q



M
`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D%G9W)E9V%T92!);G1R
M:6YS:6,@5F%L=64\+W`^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W+C@U

34E.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M;&5F=#H@


M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M=#H@

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97






M+3`N




#`L
#`P*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M

T0G9F]N=#H@





38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`M
RXY-7!T.R!P861D

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$W



T0G9F]N=#H@

XU,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C



M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


M;&4]

M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O


L

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@






M-24G/B8C

M;&5F=#H@




M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M=#H@

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G=F5R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M.#5P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TP+C(U:6X[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M%


M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q



M969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@








2P@
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`M
M

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

RPP-S4L
#`P




M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M8VL@



RXY

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




M.B`M

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

RPP-S4L
M



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




]



T0G=F5R

M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M









M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`@,`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT




M.B`P(#`@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@





M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M4V5R:68G/DYO;BUV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^

#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
34E)SXF(S$V
'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&5F=#H@



M9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@




M/C`N



M-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PU-S4L
#`P*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



M;BUV97-T960@870@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE

M

T0G9F]N=#H@




#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@=&]P.R!P861D

M:6=H=#H@






M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T






34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M+3`N







34E.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@+3`N

T0G9F]N=#H@


2P@

T0G=F5R







M-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P





]

T1)1#!%

M97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q


]
T1R;SX-


M
T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T($-A;&EB












M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@

M-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G=F5R

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

M-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


M;&5F=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B





T0G9F]N=#H@

3$V+#DU.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`U




M;&5F=#H@-2XW-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3
L



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`Q


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

SDL
C



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



RPR
M


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



M-2XW-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N







M5&EM97

T0G=F5R
M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T

M-2XW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B;W)D


S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
S$R-35C



]
T1R


3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]

]








T0G=VED

M-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@











M)B





M:6=H=#H@



M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH

@



M-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L










M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L




M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

979E;`S/]F;VYT/CPO






@3F5W


M.B`Q-RXX-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[)B




M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

3@X+#`S



M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M)#$X.PP,S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/'1R/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






M
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P






]

T1)1#!%3$4^



S$L(#(P
M


@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



]

M/3-$


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T)3L@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

C`Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
M




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@


#$T/&)R/CPO

]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$V+#4P



C

S@R+#



]


T1T;W`^1'5E(&9R;VT@82!C;RUP86-K97(\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C


]

]



M-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U
M7V(P

S`N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q



]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-30S+#4T

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5P;W-I='
@;VX@1FEN:7-H960@1V]O9'
\+W1D/@T*

]


]






]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ-#8L
3(P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q
M9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q

Q+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3








]
T1N=6UP
M/C
S+#4W

]

\+W1D


]
T1N





M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E
M7V%D-35?8C`S

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]

@1&ES8VQO


]

M


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1R861E;6%R:W


M86QI9VX]


]





34P+#@U






]


@17-T:6UA






T1T;W`^
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/CDP+#`P
#QS

]

3
S+#`P
#QS

]


#QS

]

C$P+#`P
#QS

]

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D
M-35?8C`S





M240P141&04

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]
T1T

]


]











]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
M
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q

M:&5E=#


M='`M97%U:78]

]



T0T
M/C$@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@

^

2P@
M
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]


















]
M
T1N=6UP/C
L
3`P+#`P

]


]
T1T

]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6T^*#(U+#`P





]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X










]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M









\




]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]


]


]






I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$








M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
M






]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]





M/D)A;&%N8V4@;V8@3F]N=F5S=&5D($]P=&EO;G


]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L-C(U+#`P


]





I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-2PP
#`I/'-P



]
T1N
M=6T^*#(U+#`P





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


]


]
T1R93X-



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E
M7V%D-35?8C`S

O4VAE970S-RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N






CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@





]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3F5T($]P97)A=&EN9R!,;W-S97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@8F%S960@8V]M

38L

M;7`^


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C



M
T1T;W`^=7



C



C
L
C
X


M9VX]

]



@=F%L

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`W-2PR





MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q
M9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@*$1E=&%I

M
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^3&EA8FEL:71I97
Z/]T9#X-B`@




]
M

]

]
T1R93X-




979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]













]
M


S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E
M7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P



M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




#$T/&)R



Y+#
X


]











]


]

T0R/C$R($UO

#$U/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@




M871I;VXL($-O;G-O;&ED871I;VX@86YD(%!R97-E;G1A=&EO;B!O9B!&:6YA

]


]


]
T1R93X-


2PQ-#`L
M





M97)A=&EN9R!!8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]


Q+#

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L
3@R+#(V
2D\

M
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P






]

T1)1#!%6DA!

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT


]




T1T;W`^17AC





]


S
SE?-C5F-E\T
M
61E7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5(14%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




]

;V%N(%)E


M



]






]
M




S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P




]

M:60]

@*$1E=&%I;'
@





]





S
SE?
M-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?8C`S
3(U-6-E-S5A#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P
S$R-35C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5%5$)'/@T*

M





T1T;W`^


]
T1T

]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]







]
M

]


T1T;W`^
XT,!5;FET($]F




@27-S=65D+!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C4X+#
S



]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#
S






]

]
M

]

S@W
M+#8U


M



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@





]



]






]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,XU
!5;FET($]F9F5R:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-



]

C4L
#`P/'-P


M:&%R97

M1&YU;7`^




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
XU/'-P86X^/]S



]
M


M9VX]


]





]

]






M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U
M-5]B
#
Q

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J



M8VL@*$1E=&%I;'

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$Q






]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P
M

]


]




#QS


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q
M



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO





]




M



]



M87)T7S0P-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P






]

M


M86X]
T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

2!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#`R+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@














]
T1N=6UP/C
L
3`P+#`P
M


]


T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@3W!T


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M;7

]


M9R!O;B!*86YU87)Y(#
Q+`R,#$S+!*=6QY(#
P+`R,#$S(&%N9!*86YU
M87)Y(#


]
T1T97AT/D$@=&]T86P@;V8@

M


]
M








M97

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P


M9VX]

]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P


]


]


]

]
T1P

]



]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(U
M+#`P


]




]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VLM8F%S













;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T
#0T
M
S
S.5\V-68V7S0Q9&5?860U-5]B
#
Q



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q

]


M(%1H92!686QU871I;VX@06QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#`T-#
S
SE?-C5F-E\T
61E7V%D-35?
M8C`S

O4VAE970T.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




RPV

M-#0S
S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D95]A9#4U7V(P





]

T1)1#!%

@
M*$1E=&%I;'


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]
T1P




]
M


]

!P97(@56YI=!F;W(@8V%S

#`L
#`P('=A

2P@






M:6UE(&]N(&]R(&)E9F]R92!-87)C:`Q,P@


S
Y7S8U9C9?-#%D
M95]A9#4U7V(P



M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
U

M9CTS1)3:&5E=#,X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
M.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_VolumeRebateReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromAffiliateCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationFiscalYearMaturityScheduleTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering040Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering080Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering0402ndMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering084Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering065Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering142Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_PricePerShareAxis=PLSB_UnitOffering050Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=us-gaap_ServiceAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis=PLSB_SubscriptionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteSubscriptionsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_DepositsOnFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryInTransit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_MobileDisplayUnitAndVehicles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times
 <font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_FormulationsAndManufacturingMethodsIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueFromRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForLoanAndLeaseLossesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromCollectionOfNotesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationForfeited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentScheduleOfSignificantAcquisitionsAndDisposalsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PromotionalAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FreightCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfServicesDirectLabor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LaborAndRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainsLossesOnExtinguishmentOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndIntangibleAssetsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=width: 100%; font: 11pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 11pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTermSimplifiedMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionAllowances'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times

<font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimatesQuarterlyChangesInEstimates'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Calibri
 Helvetica

 Times
 <font style=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.80'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForCashAt0.80Shares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesRenderedOrToBeRenderedAtAverageFairValueOf0.95'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_PLSB_SharesIssuedForServicesRenderedOrToBeRenderedAtAverageFairValueOf0.95Shares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesSubscriptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureRecurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureRecurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureRecurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureRecurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

