

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-17-006648
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		79
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20161231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20170417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20170417
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pulse Beverage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53586
		FILM NUMBER:		17764826
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-382-5476
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Darlington Mines Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207















Washington
 D.C. 20549










For the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016
































11678 N Huron St
 Northglenn
 CO 80234

(Address of principal executive offices
 including zip code)



(Telephone number
 including area code)







Common Stock
 par value $.00001 per share

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 



Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and&nbsp;&#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.





















If an emerging growth company
&nbsp;indicate by check mark if the registrant&nbsp;has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided&nbsp;pursuant&nbsp;to Section&nbsp;7(a)(2)(B) of&nbsp;the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;



As of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter
 June 30
 2016
 the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $25
000
000 using the closing price on that day of $0.13.

As of April 15
 2017
 there were 196
867
991 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued and outstanding.











ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2016






































Item&nbsp;5. Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities



































Item&nbsp;10.&nbsp;Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance











Item&nbsp;13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence































We desire to take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Annual Report on Form 10-K (&#8220;Report&#8221;) contains several forward-looking statements that reflect management&#8217;s current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
 products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future
 including statements related to potential strategic transactions
 distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
 new products
 adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to continue as a going concern
 statements regarding future operating results and non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. The words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; variations of such words
 and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward-looking.

Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are based on management&#8217;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and assumptions
 and apply only as of April 15
 2017. Our actual results
 performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as well the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise.

Our business
 including our financial condition and results of operations
 may be impacted by several factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:














Our ability to establish new
 and maintain existing distribution arrangements with distributors
 retailers
 brokers and regional and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and distribute competing products
 and whom we rely upon to employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking retail shelves with our products
 on which our business plan and future growth are dependent in part;






Our continued ability to secure store listings
 obtain favorable placement within each store and increase case sales through promotions with respect to Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and Coconut Water;













Our continued ability to use our working capital resources to efficiently finance the growth of our business
 including building inventory levels and financing receivables from our customers and then to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to preserve our existing cash resources and achieve profitability;













Our reliance on third-party contract manufacturers of our products
 which could make management of our marketing and distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable;






Our continued ability to secure a continuous supply of raw materials
 as well as other factors affecting our supply chain;













Our ability to attract and retain key personnel
 which would directly affect our efficiency and results of operations;






Our ability to protect our trademarks and trade secrets
 which may prevent us from successfully marketing our products and competing effectively;






Litigation or legal proceedings
 which could expose us to significant liabilities and damage to our reputation;






Our ability to compete successfully against much larger established companies currently operating in the beverage industry
 which tend to dominate shelf-space; and








For a discussion of some of the factors that may affect our business
 results and prospects
 see &#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&#8221; Readers are also urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and those described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
 which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business
 prospects and results of operations.



As used in this annual report: (i) the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;Pulse&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean The Pulse Beverage Corporation; (ii) &#8220;SEC&#8221; refers to the Securities and Exchange Commission; (iii) &#8220;Securities Act&#8221; refers to the United States 
 as amended; (iv) &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221; refers to the United States 
 as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.














We are a Northglenn
 Colorado based beverage company formed in 2011 by beverage industry veterans for exploiting niche markets in the beverage industry. We own beverage brands: Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade
introduced our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade in 2012 and since then have developed a comprehensive US domestic distribution system. By establishing a comprehensive distribution system
We have been in business with Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade for five years. We expanded this brand into Limeade
 which started selling in January 2014
 and into Coconut Water
 which started selling in March 2014. 

During 2016
 several weaker
 non-performing and slow-paying distributors and now have approximately 70 distributors and 20 wholesalers. This was a strategic decision as we moved our sales model concentration from direct store delivery through distributors to warehouse direct to retail which has led to reductions in overhead associated with direct store delivery distributors. The decrease in net sales was expected to grow net sales from a more profitable fixed expense base and to increase sales prices
 reduce promotional programs
 reduce freight-out which
 collectively
 will increase our contribution margin. 

Some of the more notable regional and national grocery and convenience chain stores are: Albertsons/Safeway/Tom Thumb Markets
 Walmart
 Kroger/King Soopers/City Markets
 Stater Bros
 Food Max
 Houchens/IGA/IGA Express/IGA Cross Roads
 Kmart
 7-Eleven
 United C-stores
 Weis Markets
 King Kullen
 Dierbergs Markets
 Hy-Vee Supermarket
 WinCo Foods
 Price Less Markets
 Gristede&#8217;s Foods
 Toot n Totem
America
 Walgreens
 Smashburger
 Bolla Markets
 Shop-Rite Grocery
 Natural Foods
 Flash Foods and Associated Foods.

We currently develop
 produce
 market
 sell and distribute our brands through our strategic regional and international distribution system
 which includes over 85% Class &#8220;A&#8221; distributors and wholesalers such as Sysco
 The Sygma Network
 UNFI and distributors for Anheuser Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
 RC/7-Up and Cadbury Schweppes. 

Our principal executive offices are located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
 Colorado 80234
 Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We completed our initial public offering on February 15
 2011.









is a line-up of refreshing
 all-natural
 &#8220;good-for-you&#8221;
 ready-to-drink lemonades/limeades in seven flavours: Natural Lemonade
 Cherry Lemonade
 Strawberry Lemonade
 Mango Lemonade
 Natural Limeade
 Cherry Limeade and Raspberry Limeade. Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades 

Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades are targeted to beverage consumers desiring a lower calorie
 all natural
 thirst quenching beverage for enjoyment and rehydration. Nationally
 only a handful of companies&#8217; market ready-to-drink lemonades. We believe Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades have competitive advantages over existing lemonade brands as follows:&nbsp;has 60 calories per 8oz. serving compared to over 100 calories of most competing beverages and is made of 100% all natural ingredients. The fact that Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades contain no preservatives or artificial sweeteners means that they can be sold in health food stores such as Whole Foods
 GNC Live Well
 Vitamin Cottage
 Sunflower and others. The following is a summary of our competition in the lemonade segment:







Calypso&#174; &#8211; many flavors
 20oz glass bottle
 artificial coloring
 high in calories
 artificial sweeteners;



























Country Time Lemonade&#174; - one flavor in a 12oz can
 high in calories.

As part of our restructure
 subsequent to December 31
 2016
 we switched our packaging for Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade from a 20oz glass bottle to a 16.9oz European style glass bottle used in the making of Citrus Tree and Pulse Heart Health. We had an inventory of more than 1
000
000 16.9oz glass bottles on hand which will reduce our cash outflow for glass bottles during 2017 by more than $300
000. 



We introduced Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water
 in natural and pineapple flavours in a 16.9oz can
 in March
 2014 as a major line extension to our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades. During 2016 we added a 11.2oz can as a 6 pack in a cardboard carton. 








The rapidly emerging coconut water category has nearly doubled in revenue every year since 2005 per the Wall Street Journal
 and targeting consumer trends &#8211; &#8220;healthy&#8221; and &#8220;natural.&#8221; Dubbed &#8220;Mother Nature&#8217;s Sports Drink
&#8221; it is made from the highest quality coconuts from Thailand. High in electrolytes
 naturally fat and cholesterol-free
 coconut water is an excellent source of hydration
 and contains healthy ingredients including calcium
 potassium and magnesium. Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water debuted at a price lower than its competitors and
 per informal customer surveys
 is the best-tasting coconut water in the market. 

Coconut water is one of the fastest growing beverage categories in the United States
 with consumers and health experts recognizing its natural hydrating qualities
 exceptional nutritional benefits and great taste. Coconut water contains high levels of electrolytes
 vitamins and minerals and less sugar than many sports drinks.

While there are a number of competing brands in this category
 we believe our pricing strategy
 established existing distribution network
 and exceptional taste of our Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water brand will give us a competitive advantage in the marketplace. 



&#8211; We believe &#8220;functional&#8221;
 &#8220;image-based&#8221; and/or &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; brands properly supported by marketing and innovation
 targeted to a broad consumer base
 drive profitable growth. We are focused on maintaining and improving profit margins and believe that tailored branding
 packaging
 pricing and distribution channel strategies help achieve profitable growth. We are implementing these strategies with a view to achieving profitable growth. 



&#8211; The principal focus of controlling cost inputs will continue to center around reducing input supply and production costs on a per-case basis
 including raw material costs and co-packing fees. The converting raw materials into finished goods and finished goods into accounts receivable and the reduction of days to collect accounts receivable while aligning our overhead costs with our growth are key areas of focus in 2017. 

&#8211; Our capital structure is intended to optimize our working capital to finance expansion
 both domestically and internationally. We believe our strong capital position currently provides us with a competitive advantage. 

We believe that
 subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained
 these value drivers
 when properly implemented
 will result in: (1)&nbsp;maintaining and increasing our gross profit margins; (2)&nbsp;providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a percentage of net revenues; and (3)&nbsp;optimizing our cost of capital. The ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future results of operations including positive cash flow. 

Gross and net sales
 gross profits
 contribution to fixed expenses
 operating income
 net income and net income per share represent key measurements of the above value drivers. These measurements will continue to be a key management focus in 2017. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION for a full discussion of our operations for 2016 and 2015.

























securing additional chain
 convenience and key account store listings for all our brands nationwide and internationally;




















focusing on placing our products in produce
 natural and cold sets as opposed to the grocery aisles. 



&#8211; In 2014
 Coca Cola purchased a 16.7% stake in Monster for $2.15 billion. Monster&#8217;s sales over the last 12 months were more than $2.6 billion. 







- In 2015
 Coca Cola invested $90 million for a 30% stake and the merchant banking arm of Goldman Sachs also agreed to pay $60 million for a 20% interest which places a value of $300 million. Sales were $42 million in 2014 and sales are projected to be more than $70 million for 2015. 














 - Coca-Cola&#174; purchased FUZE&#174; for a reported $300 million when FUZE&#174;
 at the time
 was selling approximately 7 million cases per year and had approximately $140m in sales.

- turned down an offer from Coca-Cola&#174; for $2.1 billion. At the time of the offer
 Arizona Iced Tea&#174; was selling approximately 25 million cases per year and $500m in sales.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



Non-alcoholic beverages are among the most widely distributed food products in the world and are being sold through more than 400
000 retailers in the United States
 our core market. The United States has more than 2
600 beverage companies and 500 bottlers of beverage products. Collectively they account for more than $100 billion in annual sales. It is estimated that globally more than $300 billion worth of non-alcoholic beverages are sold annually. The beverage market is controlled by two giants
 The Coca-Cola Company (&#8220;Coke&#8221;) and PepsiCo
 combining for over 70% of the non-alcoholic beverage market. Carbonated beverage sales are slipping
 while non-carbonated beverage sales are growing. Experts predict that beverage companies that only offer carbonated beverages will have to work hard to off-set flagging demand. Industry watchers believe that growth will be largely confined to non-carbonated beverages and will chiefly affect functional drinks. 







DSDs primarily distribute beverages
 chips
 snacks and milk and provide pre-sales
 We grant these independent distributors the exclusive right in defined territories to distribute finished cases of one or more of our products through written agreements. These agreements typically include compensation to those distributors in the event we provide product directly to one of our regional retailers located in the distributor&#8217;s region. We are also obligated to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor agreements
 which have terms generally ranging from one to three years. We have chosen
 and will continue to choose
 our distributors based on their perceived ability to build our brand franchise in convenience stores and grocery stores. 



We have secured listings with large retail convenience store and grocery store chains where we ship direct to the chain stores warehousing system. Retailers must have warehousing and delivery capabilities. Services to retailers are provided by an assigned broker
 approved by us
Our direct to retail channel of distribution is an important part of our strategy to target large national or regional restaurant chains
 retail accounts
 including mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and the account is serviced through the retailer&#8217;s appointed distribution system. These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us
 and contain no minimum purchase commitments.



Once our products are manufactured
Other than minimum case volume requirements per production run for most co-packers
 we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers. We continually review our contract packing needs considering regulatory compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change co-packers based on those needs.



Substantially all the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance with our specifications. The raw materials used in the preparation and packaging of our products consist primarily of juice concentrates
 natural flavors
 stevia
 pure cane sugar
 bottles
 labels
 trays and enclosures. These raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which are available from multiple suppliers.

Currently
 we purchase our flavor concentrate from four flavor concentrate suppliers. Generally
 all natural flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to the flavors. About the development of new products and flavors
 independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at relatively low cost. We anticipate that for future flavors and additional products
 we may purchase flavor concentrate from other flavor houses with the intention of developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. If we must replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.



To ensure that the flavor profiles of our products meet the needs of consumers&#8217; taste
 health and life-style
 we contract the services of Catalyst Development Inc. (&#8220;Catalyst&#8221;)
 a beverage product development firm located in Burnaby
 BC
 Canada. Catalyst&#8217;s owner
 Ron Kendrick
 is our Chief of Product Development and oversees our beverage development
 inventory supply chain
 and quality assurance through his team of three persons.








Our products are made from high quality all natural ingredients. We ensure that all our products satisfy our quality standards. Contract manufacturers are selected and monitored by our own quality control representatives to assure adherence to our production procedures and quality standards. Samples of our products from each production run undertaken by each of our contract manufacturers are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. The manufacturing process steps include source selection
 receipt and storage
 filtration
 disinfection
 bottling
 packaging
 in-place sanitation
 plant quality control and corporate policies affecting quality assurance. In addition
 we ensure that each bottle is stamped with a production date
 time
 and plant code to quickly isolate problems should they arise.

For every run of product
 our contract manufacturers undertake extensive testing of product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
 taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. For each product
 our contract manufacturers must transmit all quality control test results to us for reference following each production run. Testing also includes microbiological checks and other tests to ensure the production facilities meet the standards and specifications of our quality assurance program. Water quality is ensured through activated carbon and particulate filtration as well as alkalinity adjustment when required. Flavors are pre-tested before shipment to contract manufacturers from the flavor manufacturer. We are committed to ongoing product improvement with a view toward ensuring the high quality of our product through a stringent contract packer selection and training program.



The production and marketing of our proprietary beverages are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies
 and the U.S.&nbsp;Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA also regulates labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect to our licensed products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations.

Our contract manufacturers presently offer non-refillable
 recyclable containers in the U.S.&nbsp;and various other markets. Legal requirements have been enacted in jurisdictions in the U.S.&nbsp;requiring that deposits or certain eco-taxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other beverage container related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the U.S. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels.



ll continue to be based on developing products in those segments of the market that offer the greatest chance of success such as health
 wellness and natural refreshment and rehydration
 and we will continue to seek out underserved market niches. We believe we can quickly respond
 given our technical and marketing expertise
distinct
 meet a quantifiable need
 are proprietary
 lend themselves to at least a 30% gross profit
 project a quality and healthy image
 and can be distributed through existing distribution channels. We are 


















water-based beverage formulations
 specifications
 manufacturing methods and related Canadian and US unregistered trademark for PULSE&#174; - Heart Healthy&#8482;. This trademark is being used currently and will not expire as long as we continue to use it;






registered trademarks: &#8220;PULSE&#8221; &#8211; USA &amp; CANADA (a water-based beverage) U.S. No. 2698560
 Canada: TMA 622
432 and &#8220;PULSE: NUTRITION MADE SIMPLE&#8221; &#8211; USA ONLY. U.S. No. 2819813. In general
 trademark registrations expire 10 years from the filing date or registration date. All trademark registrations may be renewed for a nominal fee; and






the trademark Natural Cabana&#174; about our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and Coconut Water.







During the year ended December 31
 2016 we spent $nil on research and development. 



Our sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results because of many factors. Historically
 we have generated a greater percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. Thus
 we believe that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the entire fiscal year. 



As of December 31
 2016
 we had fourteen employees/consultants
 including Robert E. Yates
 who serves as our President and Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer.










An investment in our common stock is risky. You should carefully consider the following risks
 as well as the other information contained in this Form 10-K
 before investing. If any of the following risks occur
 our business
 business prospects
 financial condition
 cash flow and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In this case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and you might lose part or all your investment.&nbsp;We may amend or supplement the risk factors described below from time to time by other reports we file with the SEC in the future.





Our success depends to a certain degree upon key members of our management. These individuals are a significant factor in our growth and ability to meet our business objectives. We have an experienced management team of beverage industry executives who have successfully launched and/or managed the distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty-six years. They have strong relationships with distributors and buyers who supply thousands of retail outlets
 supermarkets and convenience stores. The loss of our key management personnel could slow the growth of our business
 or cause us to cease operations
 which may result in the total loss of an investment in our securities.

Because we do not have long term contractual commitments with our distributors
 our business may be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain these important relationships and distribute our products.

Our marketing and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and performance of our independent distributors. We will continue our efforts to reinforce and expand our distribution network by partnering with new distributors and replacing underperforming distributors. We have entered written agreements with many of our distributors in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada
 with terms ranging from one to three years. We currently do not have
 nor do we anticipate in the future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments from some of our distributors. In addition
 despite the terms of the written agreements with many of our top distributors
 there are no minimum levels of purchases required under some of those agreements
 and most of the agreements may be terminated at any time by us
 generally with a termination fee. We may not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the additional possibility that we may have to incur additional expenditures to attract and maintain key distributors in one or more of our geographic distribution areas to profitably exploit our geographic markets.



Because we rely on our distributors
 retailers and brokers that distribute our competitors&#8217; products along with our own products
 we have little control in ensuring our product will be delivered to our customers by our distributors
 which could cause our sales to suffer.

Our ability to establish a market for our products in new geographic areas
 as well as maintain and expand our existing markets
 is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
 retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
 including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors
 retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Our ability to maintain our distribution network and attract additional distributors
 retailers and brokers will depend on several factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors include: the level of demand for our brands and products in a distribution area; our ability to price our products at levels competitive with those of competing products;&nbsp;and our ability to deliver products in the quantity and at the time ordered by distributors
 retailers and brokers. 

If any of the above factors work negatively against us
 our sales will likely decline and our results of operations will be adversely affected. 

Because our distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us
 we need to manage our inventory levels
 and it is difficult to predict the timing and amount of our sales.

Our independent distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our products. To reduce inventory costs
 independent distributors endeavor to order products from us on a &#8220;just in time&#8221; basis in quantities
 and at such times
 based on the demand for the products in a distribution area. Accordingly
 there is no assurance as to the timing or quantity of purchases by any of our independent distributors or that any of our distributors will continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as they may have in the past. To be able to deliver our products on a timely basis
 we need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired products
 but we cannot predict the number of cases sold by any of our distributors. If we fail to meet our shipping schedules
 we could damage our relationships with distributors and/or retailers
 increase our shipping costs or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost
 which would unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and/or retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products
 which would also unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results.

Our business plan and future growth is dependent in part on our distribution arrangements with retailers and regional retail accounts. If we are unable to establish and maintain these arrangements
 our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We currently have distribution arrangements with a few regional retail accounts to distribute our products directly through their venues. However
 there are several risks associated with this distribution strategy. First
 we do not have long-term agreements in place with any of these accounts and thus
 the arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us. Accordingly
 we may not be able to maintain continuing relationships with any of these national accounts. A decision by any of these retailers
 or any large retail accounts we may obtain
 to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation
 financial condition or results of operations. In addition
 we may not be able to establish additional distribution arrangements with other national retailers.








Second
 our dependence on national and regional retail chains may result in pressure on us to reduce our pricing to them or allow significant product discounts. Any increase in our costs for these retailers to carry our product
 reduction in price
 or demand for product discounts could have a material adverse effect on our profit margin.

Finally
 our direct to retailer distribution arrangements may have an adverse impact on our existing relationships with our independent regional distributors
 who may view our direct to retailer accounts as competitive with their business
 making it more difficult for us to maintain and expand our relationships with independent distributors.

We rely on independent contract manufacturers of our products
 and this dependence could make management of our marketing and distribution efforts inefficient or unprofitable.

We do not own the plants or the equipment required to manufacture and package our beverage products
 and do not directly manufacture our products but instead outsource the manufacturing process to independent contract manufacturers (co-packers). We do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future. Currently
 our products are prepared
 bottled and packaged by two primary co-packers. Our ability to attract and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery of our beverage products in a geographic distribution area is important to the success of our operations within each distribution area. Competition for contract manufacturers&#8217; business is intense
 especially in the western U.S.
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or replacement manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements with our manufacturers. Our contract manufacturers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers. We may not be able to maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers
 whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby materially reduce profits realized from the sale of our products in that area. In addition
 poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors for resale
 which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial condition.

As is customary in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies
 we are expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in advance of anticipated requirements. We continually evaluate which of our contract manufacturers to utilize based on the cost structure and forecasted demand for the geographic area where our contract manufacturers are located. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product than warranted by actual demand
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract manufacturing requirements may impair relationships with our independent distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a material adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those distributors and key accounts.



The principal raw materials we use include glass bottles
 labels
 closures
 flavorings
 stevia
 pure cane sugar and other natural ingredients. The costs of our ingredients are subject to fluctuation. If our supply of these raw materials is impaired or if prices increase significantly
 our business would be adversely affected. Certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such contract manufacturers to increase their charges based on certain of their own cost increases. While certain of our raw materials
 like glass
 are based on a fixed-price purchase commitment
 the prices of any of the above or any other raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future and we may not be able to pass any cost increases on to our customers.

We may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 glass
 labels
 flavors
 and natural sweeteners
 or sufficient packing arrangements
 we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
 industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners have been experienced and could
 from time to time in the future
 be experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.

Rising raw material
 fuel and freight costs as well as freight capacity issues may have an adverse impact on our sales and earnings.

The recent volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in unstable fuel and freight prices. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we do not anticipate that we will be able to pass any increased costs on to our customers.

At the same time
 the economy appears to be returning to pre-recession levels resulting in the rise of freight volumes which is exacerbated by carrier failures to meet demands and fleet reductions due to fewer drivers in the market. We may be unable to secure available carrier capacity at reasonable rates
 which could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

We rely upon our ongoing relationships with our key flavor suppliers. If we are unable to source our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers
 we could suffer disruptions in our business.

Currently
 we purchase our flavor concentrate from four suppliers
 and we anticipate that we will purchase flavor concentrate from others with the intention of developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. The price of our concentrates is determined by our flavor houses
 and may be subject to change. Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors. Consequently
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our flavors and concentrates and we may be unable to obtain these flavors or concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we must replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers or experience a change in the taste of our products
 all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.








If we are unable to maintain brand image and product quality
 or if we encounter other product issues such as product recalls
 our business may suffer.

Our success depends on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products and effectively build up brand image for new products and brand extensions. There can be no assurance
 however
 that additional expenditures on advertising and marketing will have the desired impact on our products&#8217; brand image and on consumer preferences. Product quality issues
 real or imagined
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products.

In addition
 because of changing government regulations; or their implementation
 or allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.



Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such areas as distribution
 sales
 marketing and finance. We compete to hire new employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly involving our key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations
 financial condition and employee morale.



Failure to protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
 copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination of trademark and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. In addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse effect on our ability to market or sell our brands or profitably exploit our products.

If we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
 our stock price and investor confidence in us could be materially and adversely affected.

We are required to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting that are effective. Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
 can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential conditions. The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.



We have been operating since February 15
 2011 and in production since September 22
 2011 and have not yet achieved positive cash flow from operations or profitability. We have generated start-up losses to date while we build our distribution network
 which could adversely affect our stock price. For the period from inception through December 31
 2016
 we have accumulated losses more than $16 million. We face several risks encountered by emerging growth companies
 including our need to obtain long-term sources of financing
 and our need to manage expanding operations in 2017. Our business strategy may not be successful
 and we may not successfully address these risks. If we are unable to achieve profitable operations
 investors may lose their entire investment in us.



Our future success will be highly dependent upon our ability to successfully manage the anticipated expansion of our operations. Our ability to manage and support growth effectively will be substantially dependent on our ability to implement adequate financial and management controls
 reporting systems and other procedures
 and attract and retain qualified technical
 sales
 marketing
 financial
 accounting
 and administrative and management personnel.

Our future success also depends upon our ability to address potential market opportunities while managing expenses. This need to manage our expenses will place a significant strain on our management and operational resources. If we are unable to manage our expenses effectively
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected.




 which may not provide us 

Our securities are quoted on the OTC Markets under the QB tier (&#8220;the OTC markets&#8221;). The OTC markets are inter-dealer
 over-the-counter markets that provide significantly less liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national or regional exchanges. Securities traded on these OTC markets are usually thinly traded
 highly volatile
 have fewer market makers and are not followed by analysts. The SEC&#8217;s order handling rules
 which apply to NASDAQ-listed securities
 do not apply to securities quoted on the OTC markets. Quotes for stocks included on the OTC markets are not listed in newspapers. Therefore
 prices for securities traded solely on the OTC markets may be difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be unable to resell their securities at or near their original acquisition price
 or at any price. 








If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 the market price of our common stock could fall.



We may issue additional shares of common due to warrants or options being exercised that could dilute your ownership in our company. Moreover
 any issuances by us of equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common stock and in any event
 may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders
 which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.



We have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on our earnings
 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable.



Our stock price has been subject to significant volatility
 and you may not be able to sell shares of common stock at or above the price you paid for them. The trading price of our common stock has been subject to fluctuations in the past. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 our common stock traded at prices as low as $0.03 per share and as high as $0.20 per share.

The market price of the common stock could continue to fluctuate in the future in response to various factors
 including
 but not limited to:











































We compete in an industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success.

Our business is substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products and brands by our target market. In addition
 our business depends on acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth.

Competition from traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets
 as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.

The beverage industry is highly competitive. Due to our small size
 it can be assumed that many of our competitors have significantly greater financial
 technical
 marketing and other competitive resources. We compete against giant names like The Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo
. We compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but also for shelf space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our distributors
 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources than ours.

Increased competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market for our products.

We compete in an industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public perception
 so our ability to continue developing new products to satisfy our consumers&#8217; changing preferences will determine our long-term success.

Failure to introduce new brands
 products or product extensions into the marketplace as current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#8217; changing preferences could prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability. Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#8217; preferences change over time. Although we try to anticipate these shifts and develop new products to introduce to our consumers
 there is no guarantee that we will succeed.










The production
 marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.







Our principal executive offices are located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
 Colorado 80234. We lease these facilities on a month-to-month basis at a cost of $5
587 per month. We lease warehouse space located in Denver
 Colorado for $900 per month. We believe these facilities are suitable for our current needs.



We are or may be involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business
 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.

As of April 15
 2017
 there were no open known legal proceedings against us. No governmental agency has instituted proceedings
 served
 or threatened us with any complaints.







5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES



Prior to April 5
 2011
 there was no public trading market for our securities. We completed our initial public offering on February 15
 2011. On April 11
 2011
 our common stock started trading under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTCBB operated by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 Inc. (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) and the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. On June 24
 Best Marketplace and on January 1
 2017
 due to the decrease in our stock price
 we no longer qualify for the OTCQX and thus
 we moved back to the OTCQB operated by 

The following table sets forth the range of high and low bid prices for our common stock for each applicable quarterly period. The table reflects inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2016:

























































Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2015:

























































The closing price of our common stock on the OTCQB on April 12
 2017 was $0.0068 per share.










As of April 15
 2017
 there were 196
867
991 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and approximately 2
 Avenue
 Thornton
 CO 80233.



We have never paid cash dividends or distributions to our equity owners. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock
 but instead
 intend to utilize available cash to support the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on several factors
 including but not limited to
 future operating results
 capital requirements
 financial condition and the terms of any credit facility or other financing arrangements we may obtain or enter into
 future prospects and in other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant at the time such payment is considered. There is no assurance that we will be able or will desire to pay dividends soon or
 if dividends are paid
 in what amount.







During the quarter ended December 31
 2016
 we did not issue any securities in unregistered transactions.



After December 31
 2016
 we issued the following securities in unregistered transactions:

On January 25
 2017
 we entered into a Settlement Agreement with certain creditors whereby Rockwell Capital Inc. purchased debts from our creditors totaling $250
738 (the &#8220;Claim Amount&#8221;). In return Rockwell Capital Inc. converted the Claim Amount into 78
459
168 free-trading common shares pursuant to Section 3(a) (10) of the Securities Act.

In connection with the Settlement Agreement
 above
 we issued 625
000 common shares having a fair market value of $6
425 for a registered broker dealer to act on our behalf.

On January 26
 2017
 we entered into a Debt Purchase Agreement (&#8220;DPA&#8221;) with Old Main Capital
 LLC (&#8220;Old Main&#8221;) to assign up to $1
727
484 of principal owed to TCA Global Credit Master Fund LP (&#8220;TCA&#8221;) in exchange for up to $1
722
484 pursuant to terms of the DPA. To evidence this DPA we entered into a 10% Senior Replacement Convertible Promissory Note for any purchases made from TCA by Old Main. To date Old Main has purchased $170
000 of such debt by paying TCA a total of $163
000 and paying legal fees of $7
000 to legal counsel for Old Main and TCA. To date a total of $144
089 has been converted into 46
153
843 common shares.

On March 13
 2017
 we issued 700
000 shares of common stock having a fair market value of $7
000 pursuant to two service contracts.















The discussion that follows is derived from our consolidated audited balance sheets as of December 31
 2016
 and 2015 and the audited consolidated statements of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2016 (&#8221;2016&#8221;) and December 31
 2015 (&#8220;2015&#8221;).


























833





730































630





483













818





405
































077






































Advertising
 samples and displays

























































101





288













031









031




























208













































385





543



























574





466













































343





708






























447





708










introduced Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade in a 20oz glass bottle in 2012 and since then have developed a multi-national comprehensive distribution system. During 2016
 a number of weaker
 non-performing and slow-paying distributors and now have approximately 70 distributors and 20 wholesalers. This was a strategic decision as we moved our sales model concentration from direct store delivery through distributors to warehouse direct to retail which has led to reductions in overhead associated with direct store delivery distributors. The decrease in net sales was expected in order to grow net sales from a more profitable fixed expense base and to increase sales prices
 reduce promotional programs
 reduce freight-out which
 collectively
 will increase our contribution margin. 

Some of the more notable regional and national grocery and convenience chain stores are: Albertsons/Safeway/Tom Thumb Markets
 Walmart
 Kroger/King Soopers/City Markets
 Stater Bros
 Food Max
 Houchens/IGA/IGA Express/IGA Cross Roads
 Kmart
 7-Eleven
 United C-stores
 Weis Markets
 King Kullen
 Dierbergs Markets
 Hy-Vee Supermarket
 WinCo Foods
 Price Less Markets
 Gristede&#8217;s Foods
 Toot n Totem
America
 Walgreens
 Smashburger
 Bolla Markets
 Shop-Rite Grocery
 Natural Foods
 Flash Foods and Associated Foods.

We currently develop
 produce
 market
 sell and distribute our brands through our strategic regional and international distribution system
 which includes over 85% Class &#8220;A&#8221; distributors and wholesalers such as Sysco
 The Sygma Network
 UNFI and distributors for Anheuser Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
 RC/7-Up and Cadbury Schweppes. 

We have been in operation with our first product
 Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 for almost five years. We expanded this brand into Limeade
 which started selling in January 2014
 and into Coconut Water
 which started selling in March 2014.

During 2016
 our aggregate gross revenues compared to 2015 decreased by $897
289 to $2
833
387 (2015 - $3
730
676). During the last six months of 2016 we determined that it was necessary to re-structure how we organized our business to lower our overhead and increase our productivity so that we could
 in the future
 sell more product at a lower cost. In the short-term this
 coupled with our cash crunch
 impacted our ability to sell and deliver product which had a short-term negative impact on our sales. We believe that over the long-term these structural changes will enhance shareholder value. The impact of these decisions will be evident in all aspects of our business. 

During 2016 gross revenues
 on sale of 194
987 cases (2015 &#8211; 265
227 cases) of Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade
 declined by $786
479 to $2
284
121 (2015 - $3
070
600). In April 2016
 we introduced our Lemonade/Limeade formula in a 16.9oz glass bottle package under a private label &#8220;Citrus tree&#8221; for Acme Markets. During 2016
 we sold 5
570 cases for sales of $71
493. 

During 2016 gross revenues
 on sale of 43
442 cases (2015 &#8211; 58
474 cases) of Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water
 decreased by $152
471 to $477
772 (2015 - $630
243). During 2016
 we introduced a smaller 11.2oz six-pack coconut water which some big box retailers find easier to sell. 

During 2016 gross revenues
 on sale of nil cases (2015 &#8211; 1
526 cases) of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health
 decreased by $29
832 to $nil (2015 - $29
832). We are currently discussing the future of this brand. 

During 2016 our aggregate net sales
 after promotional allowances and slotting fees
 decreased by $853
001 to $2
630
513 (2015 - $3
483
514). During 2016
 promotional allowances and slotting fees
 decreased by $44
288 to $202
874 (2015 - $247
162). As a percentage of gross sales
 promotional allowances and slotting fees increased to 7.16% (2015 &#8211; 6.63%). This is a temporary increase as we incurred one-time expenses getting our product into new stores with promotional campaigns behind the launch in each store.







As part of our restructure
 subsequent to December 31
 2016
 we switched our packaging for Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade from a 20oz glass bottle to a 16.9oz European style glass bottle used in the making of Citrus Tree and Pulse Heart Health. We had an inventory of more than 1
000
000 16.9oz glass bottles on hand which will reduce our cash outflow for glass bottles during 2017 by more than $300
000. 




977 to $1
818
897 (2015 &#8211; $2
405
874). This decrease was due to lower sales. As a percentage of net revenue
 cost of sales remained constant at 69%. We expect cost of sales for the production of Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade to remain stable throughout 2017 due to fairly stable raw material costs. We expect cost of sales for Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water to continue to reduce due to the lower cost of coconut water sourced from our Asian manufacturer and lower ocean-shipping costs. 



During 2016
 gross profit decreased by $266
024 to $811
616 (2015 - $1
077
640). This decrease was due to lower sales. As a percentage of net revenue
 gross profit remained constant at 31%. We expect gross profit for the sale of Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade to remain stable throughout 2017 due to stable sales prices
 promotional programs and raw material costs. We expect gross profit for Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water to increase due to the lower cost of coconut water sourced from our Asian manufacturer and lower ocean-shipping costs. 



Advertising
 samples and displays 

This expense includes in-store sampling
 samples shipped to distributors
 display racks
 ice barrels
 sell sheets
 shelf strips and door decals. During 2016 advertising
 samples and displays expense decreased by $13
790 to $66
479 (2015 - $80
269). As a percentage of net sales
 this expense remained constant at 2.5% of net revenue. We reduced this cost due to less display racks and barrels being needed in 2016. We expect this expense to increase in proportion to increases in sales mainly due to the expansion of Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water during 2017. 



During 2016
 freight-out decreased by $100
263 to $259
003 (2015 - $359
266). On a per case basis
0). We expect freight-out
 on a per case basis
 to decrease due to lower transportation costs in the United States.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



Beverage companies are often compared on a contribution to fixed expense basis which includes gross profit less variable expenses such as advertising
 samples and displays and freight-out. This line item is not GAAP and therefore it is not disclosed separately in our consolidated financial statements. During 2016
 as a percentage of net sales
 contribution to fixed expense remained constant at 18.5%. We expect contribution to fixed expenses to increase due to the reasons disclosed under each category above.



During 2016
 we elected to write-off old coconut water inventory of $8
268 and we elected to write-down potentially unusable raw materials by $25
000 due to the switch to the 16.9oz bottle


 our asset impairment expense was $159
597. We elected to write-down an inventory deposit due from our previous coconut water supplier in the amount of $45
333. A note receivable was written-down to a negotiated amount resulting in a loss of $6
993. We wrote-off a total of $63
742 of raw materials that were obsolete or expired and $23
766 of damaged or discontinued finished goods. We wrote-down trademarks totalling $19
763.



In 2016
1
031
540 related to formulations
 rights and patents related to the products offered under the Pulse Heart Health brand. We are not presently marketing this product as we have made a decision to reformulate and repackage the product. For conservatism
 we have decided to write-down these assets to $nil. Without the effect of this one-time charge to earnings our net loss declined by $923
760 to $1
542
513 in 2016 compared to $2
466
273 in 2015 which reflects some of the effects of our restructuring.




 we have rationalized our overhead to align our expenses to a new strategic way of conducting our business utilizing more warehouse direct distribution and utilizing strong international distributors that distribute
 market and promote our brands in their territories. This reduces the amount of overhead we require to operate our business. 








General and administration expenses for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:











































































Legal
 professional and regulatory fees

















Office
 rent and telephone

















Shareholder
 broker and investor relations






















































101





288








During 2016
 general and administrative expenses decreased by $187
124 to $1
101
100 (2015 - $1
288
224). During 2016
 we provided an additional $147
495 to fully allow for a doubtful account in Mexico. We expect to partially recover this account receivable in the future. Shareholder
 broker and investor relations decreased by $146
778 to $99
172 (2015 - $245
950). Of this
 a total of $51
041 (2015 - $230
000) was associated with the issuance of our common shares. In April 2016
 we hired an investor relations consultant and paid them $26
000 cash and 500
000 shares (valued at $51
041). Travel and meals decreased by $121
987 to $162
486 (2015 - $284
473) due to an overall effort to decrease overhead. Legal
 professional and regulatory fees increased by $40
371 due to our OTCQX listing fee of $12
500 and increase in legal expenses associated with various agreements. Expense categories such as: advisory/consulting fees
 amortization/depreciation
 fluctuated less than 10% when compared to 2015.



During 2016 salaries and benefits and broker/agent&#8217;s fees decreased by $318
263 to $890
340 (2015 - $1
208
. This reduced the number of salespeople needed. We concentrated on warehouse direct sales
 chain store listings and international expansion which is where we see the majority of our growth coming from. These areas of future growth are generally handled by our two senior officers. Going into 2017 we expect this cost to be less than $65
000 per month







Other income (expense) for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 consist of the following:

























































































Interest (expense) income
 net

































































During 2016
 we incurred interest expense of $865
027. We incurred interest expense of $15
606 on short-term loans
 $3
225 on credit card debt
 $144
942 on our revolving TCA loan balance
 $1
450 on our convertible note
 and $2
999 on promissory notes. We incurred a total of $742
870 of debt issuance costs associated with the closing and amendment of the Credit Facility discussed in Note 7 (b) to our consolidated financial statements. Pursuant to ASU 2015-3 these costs were amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan to November 6
 2016 resulting in an interest expense of $694
909 during 2016 (2015 - $47
961). We also incurred $9
500 of debt issuance costs associated with the closing of our convertible note with JSJ Investments Inc. These costs are amortized over the term of the convertible note to October 19
2017
 resulting in an interest expense of $1
895.


 we incurred a contract settlement cost of $7
009 to allow us to enter multiple other distribution agreements in a key geographic area. 

During 2016
 we incurred $50
000 of financing fees. We charged $40
000 to financing expense due to the expiration of a contract with a financier associated with a potential loan we elected not to take due to poor terms offered. We incurred a $10
000 financing fee associated with a loan we elected not to take due to poor terms offered. 

During 2016
 we sold the Canadian rights to our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade brand for gross proceeds of $181
000 resulting in a gain on sale of $167
296. During 2015
 we received $6
736 from insurance proceeds from a delivery van written-off resulting in a gain of $3
838. 










During 2016 net loss increased by $738
624 to $3
447
550 (2015 - $2
708
926). Interest expense associated with amortization of debt issuance costs increased by$648
843. The increase in net loss was also due to lower sales and a decrease in gross profit of $266
024 and due to intangible assets written off of $1
031
540. These were offset by an overall reduction in general and administration of $187
124 and a reduction in salaries of $318
263
 a reduction in stock-based compensation of $602
617 and a gain on sale of Canadian rights of $167
296.



During 2016 net loss
 after adjustments to bring GAAP to net loss before corporation income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 stock-based compensation and one-time charges (Adjusted EBITDA)
 increased by $133
610 to $1
411
921 (2015 - $1
278
311). 





During the year ended December 31
 2016 our cash position decreased by $271
610 to $159
660 and our working capital position declined by $1
941
845 to negative $1
688
At December 31
 2016
 our working capital consisted of: cash of $159
660; accounts receivable of $146
324; inventories of $781
469 (including finished product of $251
692
 inventory deposit of $5
837 and raw materials of $523
940); and prepaid expenses of $21
595. Our current liabilities include accounts payable of $795
552
 accrued expenses of $21
422
 credit card indebtedness of $21
057
 promissory notes payable of $71
587
 convertible debenture of $2
025
 derivative liability of $93
206
 and loans payable of $1
792
384.

The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for the year ended December 31
 2016 and 2015:























347


























807


















During 2016
 we used cash of $914
050 in operating activities. This was made up of the net loss of $3
447
550 less adjustments for non-cash items such as: shares and options issued for services of $136
966
 amortization and depreciation of $118
100
 asset impairment of $33
268
 a bad debt allowance of $164
160
 amortization to interest expense of debt issuance costs of $696
805
 a gain on sale of assets of $167
295 and Loss on change in fair value of derivative liability of $12
456 and accretion of discount on convertible debenture of $9
630; all totaling $2
035
. After non-cash items
 the net cash loss was $1
411
921 compared to a cash loss during 2015 of $1
278
311. Our net cash from operating activities as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities was $497
871. 


 we used cash of $1
347
360 in operating activities. This was made up of the net loss of $2
708
926 less adjustments for non-cash items such as: shares and options issued for services of $871
581
 amortization and depreciation of $106
423
 asset impairment of $159
597
 a bad debt allowance of $156
091
 amortization to interest expense of debt issuance costs of $47
961
 a gain on sale of assets of $3
838 and reduction of note receivable for services of $92
800; all totaling $1
430
615. 



During 2016
 we received cash of $158
808 from investing activities. A total of $17
125 was spent on moulds and dies. We spent $5
422 on trademarks. We received $181
355 from the sale of our Canadian rights to Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade


 we used cash of $78
708 in investing activities. A total of $64
981 was spent on moulds
 dies and label artwork
 $6
387 on computer equipment associated with Walmart online processing system and $5
500 on a delivery van for Northern California. We spent $4
573 on trademarks and $4
003 on formulation and testing associated with bringing our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health brand of functional beverages available for commercial production. We received $6
736 from insurance proceeds from a delivery van written-off.



On March 22
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Facility&#8221;) whereby we were approved for an additional $1
000
000 loan having the same terms as the initial $900
000 loan. During 2016
 we received gross proceeds of $850
000. During 2016
 we repaid loans and promissory notes by $447
518. We received $80
750 from a convertible note. On December 9
 2016
 we issued 100
000 Series &#8220;A&#8221; Preferred Shares to our Chief Executive Officer for $400.

In 2015
 we sold 10
050
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash proceeds of $1
005
000 of which $100
000 was received as at December 31
 2014
 $860
000 was received in cash and $45
000 was shares issued for debt. In 2015
 we sold 750
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash proceeds of $45
000
 and debt settlement of $30
000. In November 2015
 we received $758
770
 net of $131
230 of cash debt issuance costs
 associate with the initial loan from TCA. In September 2015
 we received short-term loans totaling $145
000 of which $130
000 was received from a family trust of our Chief Executive Officer. These loans bear interest at 10% per annum
 are unsecured and due on demand. As of April 15
 2017
 no demand for repayment has been received.










Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary debt and/or equity financing to fund our growth strategy
 pay debt when due
 to continue operations
As at December 31
 2016 we had a working capital deficit of $1
688
195 and a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $16
459
156. All of these factors combined raises substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Since our inception through December 31
 2016
 we have obtained funds primarily from the issuance of common stock and debt. Management believes this funding will continue
 and is continually seeking new investors. Management believes the existing shareholders and lenders and prospective new investors will provide the additional cash needed to meet our obligations as they become due
 and will allow the development of our core business.

We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. We believe our debt and equity financing alternatives will be made available to us to support our working capital needs in the future. These alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. 



We have not had
 and at December 31
 2016
 do not have
 any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.



Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (US GAAP). This preparation requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses
 and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates
 assumptions and disclosures. We choose accounting policies within US GAAP that management believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results and financial position in a consistent manner. Management regularly assesses these policies considering current and forecasted economic conditions. While there are several significant accounting policies affecting our financial statements
 we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most complex
 difficult and subjective estimates and judgments:



The preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets
 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates.



Intangible assets are comprised primarily of the cost of trademarks that represent our exclusive ownership of &#8220;Natural Cabana&#174;&#8221;
 used in connection with the manufacture
 sale and distribution of our products. We do not amortize trademarks as they have an indefinite life; we amortize our website over a period of 5 years on a straight-line basis. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the asset.&nbsp;An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 we identified impairment of formulations
 intellectual property and trademarks of $1
031
540 and $nil
 respectively. 


















REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM





We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Pulse Beverage Corporation and subsidiary (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2016. The Pulse Beverage Corporation&#8217;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of The Pulse Beverage Corporation and subsidiary as of December 31
 2016 and 2015
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the accompanying financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has an accumulated deficit as of December 31
 2016
 which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to this matter are described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/RBSM
 LLP

Larkspur
 CA
April 15
 2017










As of December 31
 2016 and 2015





































































Accounts receivable
 net (Note 3)




















































109





822




Property and equipment
 net of accumulated depreciation of $310
604 and $266
099
 respectively (Note 5)












Intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization of $61
927 and $52
683 (Note 5)








131


















346





201


































































































792















































797





568



































Preferred stock
 1
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value
 100
000 Series &#8220;A&#8221; preferred shares issued (2015 &#8211; none issued) 










Common stock
 100
000
000 shares authorized
70
924
980 and 68
447
202 issued and outstanding
 respectively (Note 10) 














243





879








694





247


















450





632


















346





201














For the Years Ended December 31
 2016 and 2015


















833





730





















630





483








818





405























077

























Advertising
 samples and displays










































101





288








031




























208































385





543


















574





466










































































Interest (expense)
 net






























































343





708






























447





708





























































083





861














Years Ended December 31
 2016 and 2015





































































































Balance &#8211; December 31
 2014











276









277





538





740
















500








































































































































































000













































































708





708


































Balance &#8211; December 31
 2015











447









879





247





632


















































200




















































































































































































































447





447


































Balance &#8211; December 31
 2016












924









243





694





450














For the Years Ended December 31
 2016 and 2015































447





708
































031











































































































































































































347












































































































Proceeds from loans
 net of finance costs




























































Proceeds from the sale of common stock
 net of costs






























807






























































































Shares issued for services
 finance
 debt settlement and accrual reduction

























































































Darlington Mines Ltd. (&#8220;Darlington&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on August 23
 2006. On February 15
 2011 Darlington Mines Ltd. closed a voluntary share exchange transaction with a private Colorado company
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation
 which was formed on March 17
 2010
 by and among us
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation and the stockholders of The Pulse Beverage Corporation. The Pulse Beverage Corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary. On February 16
 2011 Darlington&#8217;s 



We manufacture and distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and Coconut Water. Our product line
 PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverage has been discontinued. Our products are distributed nationwide primarily through a series of distribution agreements with various independent local and regional distributors and on a warehouse direct basis with major retail chain stores.



The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting
 which contemplates continuity of operations
 realization of assets and liabilities
have sustained substantial losses since inception and have never paid any dividends and are unlikely to pay dividends in the immediate or foreseeable future. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary debt and/or equity financing to fund our growth strategy
 pay debt when due
 to continue operations
As at December 31
 2016 we had a working capital deficit of $1
688
195 and a stockholders&#8217; deficit of $16
694
716. All of these factors combined raises substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Since our inception through December 31
 2016
 we have obtained funds primarily from the issuance of common stock and debt. Management believes this funding will continue
 and is continually seeking new investors. Management believes the existing shareholders and lenders and prospective new investors will provide the additional cash needed to meet our obligations as they become due
 and will allow the development of our core business.

We intend to continually monitor and adjust our business plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and the broader economy. We believe our debt and equity financing alternatives will be made available to us to support our working capital needs in the future. These alternatives may require significant cash payments for interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing shareholders. 










The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly-owned Mexico subsidiary
 Natural Cabana SA de CV and our wholly-owned California subsidiary
 Natural Cabana Distribution Inc. and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations applicable to financial reporting. All intercompany transactions are eliminated upon consolidation.



The preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets
 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not clear from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results
 future results of operations will be affected.



We maintain cash balances with financial institutions that may exceed federally insured limits. We consider all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents include cash invested in money market accounts. As of December 31
 2016
 there were no cash equivalents.









Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers
 distributors and large chain stores. We evaluate the collectability of our trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to us
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount we believe will ultimately be collected. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&#8217; outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $nil and $156
090 at December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively. 



Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory. Cost is based on actual cost on a first-in first-out basis. Raw materials that will be used in production in the next twelve months are recorded in inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand
 production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s)&nbsp;concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market and economic conditions or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally
 our estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory. 



Property and equipment are stated at cost
 less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in the Statements of Operations. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Equipment consists of bottle molds
 office and warehouse equipment
 and display coolers
 all of which have an estimated life of five years.



We account for long-lived assets in accordance with ASC Topic 360-10-05
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#8221; ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset
 including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&#8217;s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. 



Intangible assets are comprised primarily of the cost of trademarks that represent our exclusive ownership of &#8220;Natural Cabana&#174;&#8221;
 used in connection with the manufacture
 sale and distribution of our products. We do not amortize trademarks as they have an indefinite life; we amortize our website over a period of 5 years on a straight-line basis. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the asset.&nbsp;An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 we identified impairment of formulations
 intellectual property and trademarks of $1
031
540 and $nil
 respectively. 



Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers. Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases
 ownership of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors
 passes to such distributors when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales have been determined after deduction of discounts
All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date
 such returns have been de minimis.







We have no elements of comprehensive income or loss during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015.



Our sales are seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of many factors. Historically
 we have generated a higher percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result
 we believe that period-to-period comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected for the entire fiscal year. 










Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 we incurred advertising costs of $66
479 and $80
269
 respectively.







Level 2 &#8211; Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active
 or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.





































Derivative Liabilities &#8211; December 31
 2015


















Derivative Liabilities &#8211; December 31
 2016





















We have financial instruments whereby the fair value of the financial instruments could be different from that recorded on a historical basis. Our financial instruments consist of cash
 accounts and loans receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments approximate their fair values as of December 31
 2016 and 2015 due to their short-term nature.



We follow ASC subtopic 740-10 for recording the provision for income taxes. ASC 740-10 requires the use of the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized
 a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change.



The determination of taxes payable includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31
 2016 or 2015.



Financial instruments and related items
 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. As of December 31
 2016
 and 2015
 we exceeded insurance limits by $nil and $139
381
 respectively. 

We review a customer&#8217;s credit history before extending credit. At and for the year ended December 31
 2016 there were no customers with a balance owing to us of greater than 10% of accounts receivable. In 2015
 there was one customer with a balance owing to us of 39% of accounts receivable. There was one customer representing 17% of net sales in 2016 and one customer representing 13% for 2015.



We account for stock-based payments to employees in accordance with ASC 718
 &#8220;Stock Compensation&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;). Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuance of warrants that are recognized in the statement of operations based on their fair values at the date of grant. 








We account for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 718 and Topic 505-50
 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&#8221; Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock
 grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.

We calculate the fair value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC 718 requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees
 and revised
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &#8220;forfeitures&#8221; is distinct from &#8220;cancellations&#8221; or &#8220;expirations&#8221; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate
 we monitor both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns. 





Net loss per share is computed in accordance with ASC subtopic 260-10. We present basic loss per share (&#8220;EPS&#8221;) and diluted EPS on the face of our statements of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing reported earnings by the weighted average shares outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by adding to the weighted average shares the dilutive effect if common stock was issued upon the exercise of stock options and warrants. For the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued
 at December 31
 2016 and 2015 were 14
198
330 and 34
230
080
 respectively. At April 15
 2017
 there were 11
347
777 potentially dilutive common share equivalents.



Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on reported net loss
 total assets or liabilities.



We continually assess any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability to our operations and financial reporting. Where it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects our financial reporting
 we undertake a study to determine the consequence of the change to our financial statements and assure that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that our financial statements properly reflect the change.

In September 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 &#8220;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement &#8211;Period Adjustments.&#8221; Changes to the accounting for measurement-period adjustments relate to business combinations. Currently
 an acquiring entity is required to retrospectively adjust the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill as a result of changes made to the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree. The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date during which the acquirer may adjust the balance sheet amounts recognized for a business combination (generally up to one year from the date of acquisition). The changes eliminate the requirement to make such retrospective adjustments
 and
 instead require the acquiring entity to record these adjustments in the reporting period they are determined. The new standard is effective for both public and private companies for periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which applies to inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost. Under the updated guidance
 an entity should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO). This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted at the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

In May 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-07
 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent), which removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Further
 the amendments remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. This ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. The new guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.








In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-05
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, which provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. It also provides guidance related to a customer&#8217;s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. This standard provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows. 

In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-02
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, which makes changes to both the variable interest model and voting interest model and eliminates the indefinite deferral of FASB Statement No. 167
 included in ASU 2010-10
 for certain investment funds. All reporting entities that hold a variable interest in other legal entities will need to re-evaluate their consolidation conclusions as well as disclosure requirements. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted
 including any interim period. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows

In January 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-01
 Income Statement &#8211; Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20), effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. This update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

In November 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-16
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815). Entities commonly raise capital by issuing different classes of shares
 including preferred stock
 that entitle the holders to certain preferences and rights over the other shareholders. The specific terms of those shares may include conversion rights
 redemption rights
 voting rights
 and liquidation and dividend payment preferences
 among other features. One or more of those features may meet the definition of a derivative under GAAP. Shares that include such embedded derivative features are referred to as hybrid financial instruments. The objective of this update is to eliminate the use of different methods in practice and thereby reduce existing diversity under GAAP in the accounting for hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2015. We adopted this guidance on January&nbsp;1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows.

In August 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15

 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1790  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1816  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1816.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1832  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1847  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1847.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1856  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1897S1  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897S1.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1897  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1897.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1926  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1932  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1937  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1940  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1968  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.9.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL1968.finRow.10.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1971  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB1976  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL1981  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2002  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.lead.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.symb.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.amt.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.5.trail.B3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2002.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2019  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2043  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.lead.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.symb.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.amt.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.trail.B2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2043.finRow.8.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2061  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.1.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2061.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2070  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2075  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2080  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2085  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2090  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2097  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2102  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2107  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=MTAB2112  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2115  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2119  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2123  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

500
000 shares of common stock. On December 31
 2015
 we approved an increase in the number of shares authorized to be issued pursuant to the plan
 to 20
000
000 shares. 

In 2012
 we granted stock options under the 2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 3
075
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share. On December 31
 2015
 we cancelled 675
000 stock options to certain employees and consultants due to the expiry or cancellation of a contract. We also cancelled 1
950
000 stock options granted to two directors and a consultant per agreement to issue new stock options.

On December 31
 2015
 we granted stock options under the Amended 2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 12
700
000 common shares at $0.10 per common share. During 2016
 a director resigned and 2
500
000 stock options were cancelled. 

The fair values of stock options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 we recorded stock-based compensation of $3
939 and $606
556
 respectively. 

The weighted average assumptions used for each of the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 are as follows:



















































































































Outstanding
 December 31
 2014



075






































700




















625





















































Outstanding
 December 31
 2015



150

























































500



































Outstanding
 December 31
 2016



650
















Exercisable
 December 31
 2016



650






















A summary of the status of our non-vested stock options outstanding as of December 31
 2016
 and changes during the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015 is presented below:































Non-vested at December 31
 2014














700












375








Non-vested at December 31
 2015



325

































325



















Non-vested at December 31
 2016 









The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable under our stock incentive plan at December 31
 2016:















































200













































650













Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line attribution method over the employees&#8217; requisite service period. We recognize compensation expense for only the portion of stock options or restricted stock expected to vest. Therefore
 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management
 additional adjustments to stock-based compensation expense may be required in future periods. 

At December 31
 2016
 we had no unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options. 



































894





074













































767





986















Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment




























733





572








733





572




Deferred tax asset
 net of valuation allowance









The net change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31
 2016 was $1
160
200.

We have a net operating loss carryover of $13
209
151 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes
 which will expire in various years through 2036
 if not previously utilized. However
 our ability to use the carryover net operating loss may be substantially limited or eliminated pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section&nbsp;382.







Our policy regarding income tax interest and penalties is to expense those items as general and administrative expense but to identify them for tax purposes. During the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 there was no income tax or related interest and penalty items in the income statement
 or liabilities on the balance sheet. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years beginning January 1
 2011 or state income tax examination by tax authorities for years beginning January 1
 2010. We are not currently involved in any income tax examinations. 








There were no financial instruments that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31
 2016 and 2015

The carrying amounts of our financial assets and liabilities
 including cash and cash equivalents
&nbsp;accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and accrued expenses as of December&nbsp;31
 2016 and 2015 approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Based on borrowing rates currently available to us for loans with similar terms
 the carrying value of the notes payable approximates fair value.












We lease office and warehouse space
 under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2017. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require that we pay for insurance
 taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property.

Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of December 31
 2016 are $37
739 for the year ended December 31
 2017.

Rent expense under all operating leases
 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases
 gross
 was $80
191 and $65
278 for the years ended December 31
 2016 and 2015
 respectively.



We are or may be involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business
 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or liquidity.








During February 2016
 we began a Southern California distributorship
 Natural Cabana Distribution Inc. Through this subsidiary
 we began selling our products to existing accounts while we searched for a suitable independent large distributorship in the area to replace our former distributor. We made this strategic decision to maintain existing regional retail accounts in the area. On May 31
 2016
 we discontinued this temporary operation and moved our ongoing business to a large independent distributor. 

During the period ended May 31
 2016 we received $73
740 of net revenue and cost of sales was $59
627 for a gross profit of $14
113. We incurred expenses of $94
724 and recorded bad debt expense of $23
069. Our net loss from discontinued operations was $103
680 which also represents negative operating cash flow from discontinued operations.








Subsequent to December 31
 2016 we have entered into the following debt and equity transactions:







On January 11
 2017
 we borrowed $43
000 from Power Up Lending Group
 Ltd (Power Up). The loan is evidenced by a promissory note which bears interest at 8% per year
 due on October 17
 2017. On July 10
 2017 Power Up may convert the promissory note into our common shares. On March 10
 2017
 we borrowed an additional $30
000 from Power Up. This additional loan is evidenced by a promissory note which bears interest at 8% per year
 due on December 30
 2017. On July 10
 2017 Power Up may convert the $43
000 promissory note into our common shares and on September 6
 2017 Power Up may convert the $30
000 promissory note into our common shares. The conversion price of these loans is 61% of the average of the three lowest trading prices of our common shares during the 15-day trading period ending on the last trading day prior to the date of conversion. We have reserved 40
000
000 common shares for future issuances pursuant to a Reservation Letter dated March 10
 2017.







On January 25
 2017
 we entered into a Settlement Agreement with certain creditors whereby Rockwell Capital Inc. purchased debts from our creditors totaling $250
738 (the &#8220;Claim Amount&#8221;). In return Rockwell Capital Inc. can convert the Claim Amount into free-trading common shares pursuant to Section 3(a) (10) of the Securities Act at a 40% discount of the 3 lowest traded prices over the prior 10 days. To date a total of $250
738 has been settled and converted into 78
459
168 common shares. In connection with the Settlement Agreement we issued 625
000 common shares having a fair market value of $6
425 for a registered broker dealer to act on our behalf. The Claim Amount has been fully extinguished as at March 28
 2017;







On January 26
 2017
 we entered into a Debt Purchase Agreement (&#8220;DPA&#8221;) with Old Main Capital
 LLC (&#8220;Old Main&#8221;) to assign up to $1
727
484 of principal owed to TCA Global Credit Master Fund LP (&#8220;TCA&#8221;) in exchange for up to $1
722
484 pursuant to terms of the DPA. To evidence this DPA we entered into a 10% Senior Replacement Convertible Promissory Note for any purchases made from TCA by Old Main. To date Old Main has purchased $170
000 of such debt by paying TCA a total of $163
000 and paying legal fees of $7
000 to legal counsel for Old Main and TCA. Old Main has the right to convert this amount into our common shares at a 35% discount of the average of the two lowest traded prices in the prior 30 days. To date a total of $144
089 has been converted into 46
153
843 common shares. 














On February 22
 2017
 we entered into a Revenue Based Factoring Agreement with Strategic Funding whereby we received $44
500 for future receipts purchased totaling $61
098. We are repaying this Factoring Agreement at a daily rate of $332 over a 184-business day period. 








On March 13
 2017
 we issued 700
000 shares of common stock having a fair market value of $7
000 pursuant to two service contracts. 







On April 3
 2017
 we entered a financing arrangement with Old Main Capital
 LLC
 (&#8220;Old Main&#8221;)
 and delivered an installment Convertible Promissory Note (the &#8220;Note&#8221;) to Old Main. Under the terms of the Note
 Old Main loaned us $200
000 on April 4
 2017. An additional $50
000 to be loaned after we file to increase our authorized common stock to at least 1
000
000
000. Each loan under the Note is due nine months from date of advance and bears interest at 10% per annum. In addition
 pursuant to an original issue discount provision
 the principle of the Note was increased above the $250
000 received by us to $294
117
 which provides additional consideration to the Lender. In addition
 the principle and accrued interest on the Note is convertible in whole or in part at the option of Old Main into our common shares at a conversion price per share equal to 65% of the average of the two lowest traded prices for our common shares in the 30 days preceding conversion. We have reserved 120
000
000 common shares for future issuances pursuant to a Reservation Letter dated April 7
 2017. 



During the last two fiscal years
 we have had no disagreements with our accountants on accounting and financial disclosure.





Robert E. Yates
 who is both our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure controls and procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp;Disclosure controls and procedures are those procedures that are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in those reports is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officer
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31
 2016. Based on that evaluation
 it was concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2016.



The Certifying Officers have also indicated that there were no changes in internal controls over financial reporting during our last quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31
 2016.



Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Management evaluates the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework. Management
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2016 and concluded that it is ineffective in assuring that our financial reports are free from material errors or misstatements.



















Our management
 including the Certifying Officers
 does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls will prevent all errors and fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally
 controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the control. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of these inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

This annual report does not include an attestation report by our registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to current rules of the SEC that permit us
 as a smaller reporting company
 to provide only management's report in this annual report.













10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



The names
 ages
 and respective positions of our directors and executive officers are set forth below.















President
 Chief Executive
 Financial
&nbsp;and Accounting Officer
 Treasurer and&nbsp;Director






Vice President
 Secretary
 National Sales Manager and Director



Mr. Yates has been one of our officers and directors since February 15
 2011. Mr. Yates is qualified to be a director based on his extensive experience in the beverage industry.

Mr. Yates is a seasoned business executive with experience in growing and managing businesses. From 2006 to 2009
 Mr. Yates served as a General Manager of Mobility Works
 in Cincinnati
 Ohio
 a company engaged in providing specialty equipment and handicapped accessible vehicles in support of disabled populations. From 1993 to 2005
 Mr. Yates was in charge of a start-up operation for Vancol with his areas of responsibility: product development
 plant production and the distribution of Vancol&#8217;s many products in both the United States and Canada. Under his guidance
 Vancol&#8217;s sales rose from less than $10 million to $50 million in three years. Over the last twenty years
 Mr. Yates&#8217; beverage portfolio has included such brands as Monster; AriZona Tea; Rock Star
 Vitamin Water
 Perrier
 Everfresh Juices
 Ocean Spray
 Miller Beer
 Honest Tea and Fiji Water. In addition
 Mr. Yates successfully launched his own brand
 Quencher
 which he built into a 2 million case brand in two years. Mr. Yates completed a management course at Oglethorpe University in Atlanta
 Georgia
 and has an associate&#8217;s degree in business administration from Highland Park College
 in Highland Park
 Michigan and completed a Professional Personnel Management Course with the US Air Force.



Mr. Sheya has been one of our officers and directors since July 1
 2011. Mr. Sheya is qualified to be a director based on his extensive experience in the beverage industry.

Mr. Sheya brings over thirty years of international executive sales and distribution management experience in the beverage industry. He has an extensive track record in the development of brands and in building beverage brand sales and distribution systems from the ground up to multi-million case sales. He was sales manager for a beverage brand called Kwencher&#174;. Mr. Sheya has managed a broad range of beverage brands including: Jolt Cola&#174;
 Hires Root Beer&#174;; Crush&#174; Soda; Bubble-Up&#174;; Country Time Lemonade&#174;; Hansen&#8217;s Natural Sodas and Juices; New York Seltzer&#174; and Evian Water&#174;. From 2007 to 2008 Mr. Sheya was a self-employed beverage consultant and from 2008 to 2009 was the key account manager for New Leaf Brands Inc. managing national sales for Inspiration Beverage and from 2010 to June 2011 was sales manager for Bing Energy Drink. 





We do not have a nominating
 compensation or audit committees or committees performing similar functions. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to have such committees
 at this time
 because the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the board of directors.

We do not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors believes that
 given the stage of our development
 a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations develop to a more advanced level. We do not have any specific or minimum criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board of directors will assess all candidates
 whether submitted by management or shareholders
 and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

A shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by directing a written request addressed to our President and director
 Robert E. Yates
 at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report.






registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and our other equity securities. Officers
 directors and greater than ten percent beneficial shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. To the best of our knowledge based solely on a review of Forms 3
 4
 and 5 (and any amendments thereof) received by us during or with respect to the year ended December 31
 2016
 no persons have failed to file
 on a timely basis
 the identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal year ended December 31
 2016.



We have not adopted a formal code of ethics that applies to our directors
 officers or employees since we only have fifteen employees including our two officers.

























































President
 Chief 

































 Treasurer
 Chief&nbsp; 


























































































































































On July 29
 2011

 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2598  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.1.trail.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.1.trail.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.2.lead.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.2.amt.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.2.trail.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.2.lead.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.2.amt.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.2.trail.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.lead.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.amt.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.3.trail.D10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.lead.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.symb.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.amt.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.4.trail.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.5 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.7 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.8 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.9 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.lead.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.symb.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.amt.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2598.finRow.5.trail.10 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2623  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2623.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2640  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.lead.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.amt.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.1.trail.D4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.lead.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.symb.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.amt.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2640.finRow.2.trail.4 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2687  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.1.lead.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.1.amt.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.1.trail.D2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.1.lead.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.1.amt.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.1.trail.D3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.3.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.4.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.5.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.6.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.lead.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.symb.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.amt.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.trail.2 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.lead.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.symb.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.amt.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TD id=TBL2687.finRow.7.trail.3 style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2747  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL2845  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL34  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<TABLE id=TBL34  style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

<BODY style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Convertible Note&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Convertible note consists of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Face value of convertible note on October 7, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;80,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less discount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(80,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revaluation of note at December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,630&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,630&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(7,605&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Promissory Notes Payable &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we negotiated settlements with &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; freight vendors by issuing promissory notes. These notes are unsecured as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Promissory Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;#1&lt;/div&gt; - &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$46,673&lt;/div&gt; repayable in escalating monthly instalments ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;24,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; until paid. Interest is at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%;&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;b)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Seasonality&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Warrants &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Commitments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We lease office and warehouse space, under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require that we pay for insurance, taxes and maintenance applicable to the leased property.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Minimum aggregate future lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; are &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$37,739&lt;/div&gt; for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Rent expense under all operating leases, including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases, gross, was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$80,191&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$65,278&lt;/div&gt; for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Legal Proceedings&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Comprehensive loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Concentration of Business and Credit Risk&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Financial instruments and related items, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times, such investments &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we exceeded insurance limits by $nil and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$139,381,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Convertible note consists of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Face value of convertible note on October 7, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;80,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less discount&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(80,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revaluation of note at December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,630&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,630&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(7,605&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,025&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 27pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Loans Payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Loans payable consists of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Short-term loan &amp;#x2013; (a) below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14,069&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Short-term loan &amp;#x2013; related party &amp;#x2013; (a) below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;120,374&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;130,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total short-term loans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;134,442&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;145,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Senior Secured Revolving Note &amp;#x2013; (b) below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,657,942&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;844,040&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(233,269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,657,942&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;610,771&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total loans payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,792,384&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;755,771&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 14pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we received short-term loans totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$145,000&lt;/div&gt; of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$130,000&lt;/div&gt; was received from a family trust of our Chief Executive Officer. These loans bear interest at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%,&lt;/div&gt; are unsecured and due on demand. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; no demand for repayment has been received.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 15pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;b)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we entered into a Credit Agreement with TCA Global Credit Master Fund, LP (&amp;#x201c;TCA&amp;#x201d;).&amp;nbsp;Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, TCA committed to lend up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3,500,000&lt;/div&gt; (the &amp;#x201c;Credit Facility&amp;#x201d;) pursuant to a senior secured revolving note (the &amp;#x201c;Note&amp;#x201d;). TCA has funded to date &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,750,000,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$900,000&lt;/div&gt; in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$850,000&lt;/div&gt; in fiscal &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;The Credit Facility is secured by&amp;nbsp;a senior secured interest in all our assets.&amp;nbsp;We are charged a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12%&lt;/div&gt; per annum rate of interest plus a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6%&lt;/div&gt; per annum administration fee on the daily loan balance outstanding. The Lender has the right, in the Event of Default, to convert any outstanding amounts under the Note into restricted shares of our common stock based on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;85%&lt;/div&gt; of the weighted value average price of our common shares over the prior &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; trading days prior to conversion. However, the Lender &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; not convert any portion of the Note to the extent that after giving effect to the shares which would be received on conversion, the Lender would beneficially own more than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.99%&lt;/div&gt; of our common stock. In connection with the Credit Facility and subsequent loans therein, we were obligated to pay a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$500,000&lt;/div&gt; in investment banking fees to TCA. As security for the initial fee of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$150,000&lt;/div&gt; we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,000,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares to TCA of which a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,238,200&lt;/div&gt; shares were sold for proceeds of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$107,186&lt;/div&gt; leaving an accrued liability of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$42,814.&lt;/div&gt; This liability, together with the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;second&lt;/div&gt; investment banking fee commitment of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$350,000&lt;/div&gt; has been added to the principal owing to TCA as at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we repaid a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$399,161&lt;/div&gt; of principal and had unapplied principal repayments of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$29,752&lt;/div&gt; in our lockbox available for future principal repayments. The original maturity of the Note was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; We continue to work with TCA to repay this note (See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18&lt;/div&gt; (c)). TCA has verbally agreed to extend the maturity date to a future date but as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; we have not reached an agreement with TCA on this extension. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 32.6pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liability&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The embedded conversion option of the convertible debenture described in Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8&lt;/div&gt; contains a conversion feature that qualifies for embedded derivative classification. The fair value of the liability will be re-measured at the end of every reporting period and the change in fair value will be reported in the statement of operations as a gain or loss on derivative financial instruments. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The table below sets forth a summary of changes in the fair value of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; financial liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at the beginning of period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Original discount limited to proceeds of notes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;80,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair value of derivative liabilities in excess of note proceeds received&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,825&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion option&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,631&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at the end of the period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The Company uses Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair values were determined by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model based on various assumptions. The model incorporates the price of a share of the Company&amp;#x2019;s common stock (as quoted on the Over the Counter Markets), volatility, risk free rate, dividend rate and estimated life. Significant changes in any of these inputs in isolation would result in a significant change in the fair value measurement. As required, these are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The following table shows the assumptions used in the calculations:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest Rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend Yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected Life &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 44%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At issuance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;156&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.66&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;189&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.85&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock Options and Stock-based Compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2011,&lt;/div&gt; we adopted the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt; Equity Incentive Plan (the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;#x201c;2011&lt;/div&gt; Plan&amp;quot;) under which were authorized to grant up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,500,000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we approved an increase in the number of shares authorized to be issued pursuant to the plan, to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20,000,000&lt;/div&gt; shares. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2012,&lt;/div&gt; we granted stock options under the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt; Plan to certain officers, directors, employees and consultants to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,075,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.50&lt;/div&gt; per common share. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we cancelled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;675,000&lt;/div&gt; stock options to certain employees and consultants due to the expiry or cancellation of a contract. We also cancelled &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,950,000&lt;/div&gt; stock options granted to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; directors and a consultant per agreement to issue new stock options.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we granted stock options under the Amended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt; Plan to certain officers, directors, employees and consultants to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,700,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt; per common share. During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; a director resigned and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,500,000&lt;/div&gt; stock options were cancelled. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The fair values of stock options granted were estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we recorded stock-based compensation of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3,939&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$606,556,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The weighted average assumptions used for each of the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.71&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;103&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected option life (in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes the continuity of our stock options:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Number of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Remaining&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Contractual &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Term (years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Aggregate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intrinsic &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 48%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,075,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,700,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,625,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercised &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13,150,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited/cancelled&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,500,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,650,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,650,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;A summary of the status of our non-vested stock options outstanding as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and changes during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; is presented below:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested stock options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Number of &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -5.9pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -5.9pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Grant Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,700,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(10,375,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,325,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited/cancelled&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,325,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2016 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable under our stock incentive plan at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Number &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Remaining &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Contractual Life &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(Years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 36%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,200,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;450,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;.33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,650,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Stock-based compensation expense:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock-based compensation expense is recognized using the straight-line attribution method over the employees&amp;#x2019; requisite service period. We recognize compensation expense for only the portion of stock options or restricted stock expected to vest. Therefore, we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management, additional adjustments to stock-based compensation expense &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; be required in future periods. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Loss from Discontinued Operations&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we began a Southern California distributorship, Natural Cabana Distribution Inc. Through this subsidiary, we began selling our products to existing accounts while we searched for a suitable independent large distributorship in the area to replace our former distributor. We made this strategic decision to maintain existing regional retail accounts in the area. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we discontinued this temporary operation and moved our ongoing business to a large independent distributor. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Interest Rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Dividend Yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected Life &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 44%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At issuance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;156&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.66&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;At December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;189&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.85&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 11%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.77&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 27pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value Measurements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;There were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;financial instruments that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The carrying amounts of our financial assets and liabilities, including cash and cash equivalents,&amp;nbsp;accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Based on borrowing rates currently available to us for loans with similar terms, the carrying value of the notes payable approximates fair value.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at the beginning of period&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Original discount limited to proceeds of notes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;80,750&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair value of derivative liabilities in excess of note proceeds received&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,825&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion option&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,631&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;-&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Balance at the end of the period &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Fair Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; measurements). ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; are described below:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that an entity has the ability to access.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Valuations based on inputs that are supportable by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability. We have no level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; assets or liabilities. The factors or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 25%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value Measurements &lt;br /&gt;Using Fair Value Hierarchy&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liabilities &amp;#x2013; December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liabilities &amp;#x2013; December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accounts receivable consists of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;138,229&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;534,727&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(156,090&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable - net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;138,229&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;378,637&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Value added tax recoverable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,290&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Due from suppliers of services&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,535&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8,095&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;Total Accounts Receivable&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;146,324&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;386,462&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14.&lt;/div&gt; Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,894,757&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,074,383&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;860,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;859,192&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,244&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other reserves&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,441&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;52,899&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;Total deferred tax assets&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,767,094&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,986,475&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property, Plant &amp;amp; Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(33,948&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(59,022&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(354,507&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,733,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,572,946&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(5,733,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(4,572,946&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The net change in the valuation allowance for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,160,200.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We follow ASC subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;740&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; for recording the provision for income taxes. ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;740&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; requires the use of the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;Inventories consists of the following as of December 31: &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;251,692&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;344,764&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deposit on finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,837&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;523,940&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;644,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;Total Inventory&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;781,469&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;988,910&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Nature of Operations &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Organizational &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;h&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;istory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Darlington Mines Ltd. (&amp;#x201c;Darlington&amp;#x201d;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;23,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2006.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt; Darlington Mines Ltd. closed a voluntary share exchange transaction with a private Colorado company, The Pulse Beverage Corporation, which was formed on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2010,&lt;/div&gt; by and among us, The Pulse Beverage Corporation and the stockholders of The Pulse Beverage Corporation. The Pulse Beverage Corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2011&lt;/div&gt; Darlington&amp;#x2019;s &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;name was changed to &amp;#x201c;The Pulse Beverage Corporation&amp;#x201d;. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Nature of business&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We manufacture and distribute Natural Cabana&amp;reg; Lemonade, Limeade and Coconut Water. Our product line, PULSE&amp;reg; Heart &amp;amp; Body Health functional beverage has been discontinued. Our products are distributed nationwide primarily through a series of distribution agreements with various independent local and regional distributors and on a warehouse direct basis with major retail chain stores.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Going concern&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis of accounting, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets and liabilities, and commitments in the normal course of business. We have generated significant revenues but &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;have sustained substantial losses since inception and have never paid any dividends and are unlikely to pay dividends in the immediate or foreseeable future. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain necessary debt and/or equity financing to fund our growth strategy, pay debt when due, to continue operations, and to attain profitability.&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt; &lt;/div&gt;As at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; we had a working capital deficit of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,688,195&lt;/div&gt; and a stockholders&amp;#x2019; deficit of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$16,694,716.&lt;/div&gt; All of these factors combined raises substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern within &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. Since our inception through &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we have obtained funds primarily from the issuance of common stock and debt. Management believes this funding will continue, and is continually seeking new investors. Management believes the existing shareholders and lenders and prospective new investors will provide the additional cash needed to meet our obligations as they become due, and will allow the development of our core business.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We continually assess any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability to our operations and financial reporting. Where it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects our financial reporting, we undertake a study to determine the consequence of the change to our financial statements and assure that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that our financial statements properly reflect the change.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement &amp;#x2013;Period Adjustments.&amp;#x201d; Changes to the accounting for measurement-period adjustments relate to business combinations. Currently, an acquiring entity is required to retrospectively adjust the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill as a result of changes made to the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree. The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date during which the acquirer &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; adjust the balance sheet amounts recognized for a business combination (generally up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year from the date of acquisition). The changes eliminate the requirement to make such retrospective adjustments, and, instead require the acquiring entity to record these adjustments in the reporting period they are determined. The new standard is effective for both public and private companies for periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Inventory (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;330):&lt;/div&gt; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,&amp;quot; which applies to inventory that is measured using &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out (&amp;quot;FIFO&amp;quot;) or average cost. Under the updated guidance, an entity should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value, which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory that is measured using last-in, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out (&amp;quot;LIFO&amp;quot;). This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted at the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;07,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Fair Value Measurement (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820):&lt;/div&gt; Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent),&amp;quot; which removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Further, the amendments remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. This ASU is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted. The new guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;05,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40):&lt;/div&gt; Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement,&amp;quot; which provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. It also provides guidance related to a customer&amp;#x2019;s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. This standard provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Consolidation (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;810):&lt;/div&gt; Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis,&amp;quot; which makes changes to both the variable interest model and voting interest model and eliminates the indefinite deferral of FASB Statement No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;167,&lt;/div&gt; included in ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; for certain investment funds. All reporting entities that hold a variable interest in other legal entities will need to re-evaluate their consolidation conclusions as well as disclosure requirements. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted, including any interim period. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Income Statement &amp;#x2013; Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;225&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20),&amp;quot;&lt;/div&gt; effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; This update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;815).&amp;quot;&lt;/div&gt; Entities commonly raise capital by issuing different classes of shares, including preferred stock, that entitle the holders to certain preferences and rights over the other shareholders. The specific terms of those shares &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; include conversion rights, redemption rights, voting rights, and liquidation and dividend payment preferences, among other features. One or more of those features &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; meet the definition of a derivative under GAAP. Shares that include such embedded derivative features are referred to as hybrid financial instruments. The objective of this update is to eliminate the use of different methods in practice and thereby reduce existing diversity under GAAP in the accounting for hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#x2013; Going Concern (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40),&lt;/div&gt; effective for the annual period ending after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This standard provides guidance about management&amp;#x2019;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements Issued but Not Adopted as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606),&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt; on revenue recognition. This guidance provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The original effective date of this guidance was for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; early adoption is not permitted, and the guidance must be applied retrospectively or modified retrospectively. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB approved an optional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-year deferral of the effective date.&amp;nbsp;As a result, we expect to adopt this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; We have not yet determined our approach to adoption or the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, if any.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued an accounting standards update which modifies the accounting for leasing arrangements, particularly those arrangements classified as operating leases. This update will require entities to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from operating leases on the balance sheet. This guidance is effective for fiscal and interim periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and is required to be applied retrospectively to all leasing arrangements. We are currently assessing the effects this guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; have on our financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued new guidance related to the statement of cash flows which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments. The new standard is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the effects this guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; have on our financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; Clarifying the Definition of a Business (&amp;quot;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&amp;quot;).&lt;/div&gt; The standard clarifies the definition of a business by adding guidance to assist entities in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or businesses. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt; is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; and interim periods within those fiscal years. Under ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; to be considered a business, the assets in the transaction need to include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. Prior to the adoption of the new guidance, an acquisition or disposition would be considered a business if there were inputs, as well as processes that when applied to those inputs had the ability to create outputs. Early adoption is permitted for certain transactions. Adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements if we enter into future business combinations.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Preferred Stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Reclassification of Prior Period&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property and Equipment and Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;Property and equipment consists of the following as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Manufacturing, warehouse, display equipment and molds&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;289,759&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;337,253&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;41,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;41,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Mobile display unit and vehicles&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;130,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;134,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: depreciation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(310,605&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(266,099&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;151,235&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;247,235&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;For the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; depreciation expense was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$105,565&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$93,288,&lt;/div&gt; respectively&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets consist of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Formulations, rights and patents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;969,696&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Website&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;62,675&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;62,675&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(61,926&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(52,682&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trademarks &amp;#x2013; not amortized due to indefinite life&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;85,891&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;152,104&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;86,640&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,131,793&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;For the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; amortization expense was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$12,535&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13,135,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. Estimated amortization expense to be recorded in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$748,&lt;/div&gt; thereafter, $&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nil&lt;/div&gt;. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we recorded an impairment of $&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Manufacturing, warehouse, display equipment and molds&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;289,759&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;337,253&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Office equipment and furniture&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;41,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;41,581&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Mobile display unit and vehicles&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;130,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;134,500&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: depreciation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(310,605&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(266,099&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;151,235&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;247,235&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers. Certain of our distributors &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases, ownership of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors, passes to such distributors when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales have been determined after deduction of discounts, slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accounts receivable consists of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;138,229&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;534,727&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(156,090&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trade accounts receivable - net&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;138,229&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;378,637&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Value added tax recoverable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,290&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Due from suppliers of services&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,535&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8,095&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;Total Accounts Receivable&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;146,324&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;386,462&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Loans payable consists of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 36pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Short-term loan &amp;#x2013; (a) below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14,069&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Short-term loan &amp;#x2013; related party &amp;#x2013; (a) below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;120,374&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;130,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total short-term loans&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;134,442&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;145,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Senior Secured Revolving Note &amp;#x2013; (b) below&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,657,942&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;844,040&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: unamortized debt issuance costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(233,269&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net carrying value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,657,942&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;610,771&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total loans payable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,792,384&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;755,771&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,894,757&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,074,383&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;860,652&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;859,192&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;9,244&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Other reserves&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,441&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;52,899&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;Total deferred tax assets&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,767,094&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,986,475&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: left; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property, Plant &amp;amp; Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(33,948&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(59,022&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(354,507&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net deferred tax assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,733,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4,572,946&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: Valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(5,733,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(4,572,946&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 25%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value Measurements &lt;br /&gt;Using Fair Value Hierarchy&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liabilities &amp;#x2013; December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liabilities &amp;#x2013; December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets consist of the following as of December 31:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;6&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;201&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Formulations, rights and patents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;969,696&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Website&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;62,675&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;62,675&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Less: amortization&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(61,926&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(52,682&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Trademarks &amp;#x2013; not amortized due to indefinite life&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;85,891&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;152,104&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Total Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;86,640&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,131,793&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;Inventories consists of the following as of December 31: &lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2016 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center colspan=2&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: medium none; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-weight: bold;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;251,692&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;344,764&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deposit on finished goods&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5,837&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Raw materials&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;523,940&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;644,146&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 9pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;Total Inventory&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;781,469&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;988,910&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 27pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 68%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested stock options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Number of &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -18pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -5.9pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -5.9pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Grant Date&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,700,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(10,375,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2,325,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; TEXT-ALIGN: right; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited/cancelled&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,325,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(0.06&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Vested&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Non-vested at December 31, 2016 &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 80%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 20%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Number &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercisable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Remaining &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Contractual Life &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;(Years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 36%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,200,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;4.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-LEFT: 27pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;$0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;450,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;.33&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,650,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 13%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Number of&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Options&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Weighted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Average&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Remaining&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Contractual &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Term (years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Aggregate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intrinsic &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 48%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2014&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,075,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,700,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5.00&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited/Cancelled&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,625,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercised &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13,150,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.50&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.34&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Granted&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Forfeited/cancelled&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(2,500,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercised&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Outstanding, December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,650,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; PADDING-BOTTOM: 3px; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: middle; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Exercisable, December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,650,000&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0.10&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3.99&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 10%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 3px double; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 90%; MARGIN-LEFT: 36pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 10%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; TEXT-INDENT: -1.25pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 66%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected dividend yield&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;0&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Risk-free interest rate&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1.71&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected volatility&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;103&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Expected option life (in years)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 14%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We account for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt; and Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;505&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&amp;#x201d; Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We calculate the fair value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt; requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees, and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &amp;#x201c;forfeitures&amp;#x201d; is distinct from &amp;#x201c;cancellations&amp;#x201d; or &amp;#x201c;expirations&amp;#x201d; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate, we monitor both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Summary of Significant Accounting Policies&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Basis of presentation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of our wholly-owned Mexico subsidiary, Natural Cabana SA de CV and our wholly-owned California subsidiary, Natural Cabana Distribution Inc. and have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and regulations applicable to financial reporting. All intercompany transactions are eliminated upon consolidation.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful life and recoverability of long-lived assets, stock-based compensation, and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not clear from other sources. The actual results experienced by us &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Accounts receivable primarily consists of trade receivables due from wholesalers, distributors and large chain stores. We evaluate the collectability of our trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific customer&amp;#x2019;s inability to meet its financial obligations to us, a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded, which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount we believe will ultimately be collected. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&amp;#x2019; outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed, the receivable is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nil &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$156,090&lt;/div&gt; at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Inventory&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Inventories consist of raw materials and finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or market and include adjustments for estimated obsolete or excess inventory. Cost is based on actual cost on a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out basis. Raw materials that will be used in production in the next &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;twelve&lt;/div&gt; months are recorded in inventory. We regularly review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated forecast of product demand, production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s)&amp;nbsp;concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences, general market and economic conditions or other factors that &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; result in cancellations of advance orders or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally, our estimates of future product demand &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; be inaccurate, which could result in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Property and Equipment&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements, the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization, and resulting gains or losses are reflected in the Statements of Operations. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Equipment consists of bottle molds, office and warehouse equipment, and display coolers, all of which have an estimated life of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;five&lt;/div&gt; years.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Long-Lived Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We account for long-lived assets in accordance with ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;05,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&amp;#x201d; ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;360&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;05&lt;/div&gt; requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset, including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&amp;#x2019;s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Intangible Assets&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Intangible assets are comprised primarily of the cost of trademarks that represent our exclusive ownership of &amp;#x201c;Natural Cabana&amp;reg;&amp;#x201d;, used in connection with the manufacture, sale and distribution of our products. We do not amortize trademarks as they have an indefinite life; we amortize our website over a period of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; years on a straight-line basis. We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization, we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the asset.&amp;nbsp;An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However, preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we identified impairment of formulations, intellectual property and trademarks of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,031,540&lt;/div&gt; and $&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nil&lt;/div&gt;, respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers. Certain of our distributors &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases, ownership of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors, passes to such distributors when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales have been determined after deduction of discounts, slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;605&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;All sales to distributors and customers are final; however, in limited instances, due to product quality issues or distributor terminations, we &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; accept returned product. To date, such returns have been de minimis.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Shipping and handling costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The actual costs of shipping and handling for freight to our customers are included in operating expenses. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Comprehensive loss&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We have no elements of comprehensive income or loss during the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Seasonality&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Advertising costs&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Advertising costs are expensed as incurred. During the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we incurred advertising costs of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$66,479&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$80,269,&lt;/div&gt; respectively.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Fair Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; measurements) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; measurements). ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A fair value measurement assumes that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability occurs in the principal market for the asset or liability. The &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; are described below:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Valuations based on quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that an entity has the ability to access.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Valuations based on quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x2013; Valuations based on inputs that are supportable by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the asset or liability. We have no level &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; assets or liabilities. The factors or methodology used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in those securities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 95%; MARGIN-LEFT: 18pt; MARGIN-RIGHT: 5%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0px colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; TEXT-ALIGN: center; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 25%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=10&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Fair Value Measurements &lt;br /&gt;Using Fair Value Hierarchy&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: justify&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;1&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;2&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt colspan=2&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Level&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;3&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; PADDING-BOTTOM: 1px&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liabilities &amp;#x2013; December 31, 2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #cceeff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt; &lt;tr style=BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 52%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Derivative Liabilities &amp;#x2013; December 31, 2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;-&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;$&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 9%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; TEXT-ALIGN: right; MARGIN-LEFT: 17.85pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;93,206&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 1%; VERTICAL-ALIGN: bottom; MARGIN-LEFT: 0pt; BACKGROUND-COLOR: #ffffff nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Financial Instruments&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We have financial instruments whereby the fair value of the financial instruments could be different from that recorded on a historical basis. Our financial instruments consist of cash, accounts and loans receivables, accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments approximate their fair values as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; due to their short-term nature.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We follow ASC subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;740&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; for recording the provision for income taxes. ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;740&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; requires the use of the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under the asset and liability method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Future changes in such valuation allowance are included in the provision for deferred income taxes in the period of change.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed annually for differences between financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. Income tax expense is the tax payable or refundable for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The determination of taxes payable includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken, and to be taken, on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; or &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Concentration of Business and Credit Risk&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Financial instruments and related items, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times, such investments &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. As of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; we exceeded insurance limits by $&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;nil &lt;/div&gt;and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$139,381,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We review a customer&amp;#x2019;s credit history before extending credit. At and for the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;no &lt;/div&gt;customers with a balance owing to us of greater than &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; of accounts receivable. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; there was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; customer with a balance owing to us of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;39%&lt;/div&gt; of accounts receivable. There was &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; customer representing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17%&lt;/div&gt; of net sales in &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; customer representing &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13%&lt;/div&gt; for &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Stock-based Compensation&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We account for stock-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt; and Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;505&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&amp;#x201d; Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock, grants of stock options and issuances of warrants that are recognized in the consolidated statement of operations based on the value of the vested portion of the award over the requisite service period as measured at its then-current fair value as of each financial reporting date.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We calculate the fair value of option grants and warrant issuances utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model. The amount of stock-based compensation recognized during a period is based on the value of the portion of the awards that are ultimately expected to vest. ASC &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;718&lt;/div&gt; requires forfeitures to be estimated at the time stock options are granted and warrants are issued to employees and non-employees, and revised, if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &amp;#x201c;forfeitures&amp;#x201d; is distinct from &amp;#x201c;cancellations&amp;#x201d; or &amp;#x201c;expirations&amp;#x201d; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate, we monitor both stock option and warrant exercises as well as employee termination patterns. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;The resulting stock-based compensation expense for both employee and non-employee awards is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per Share&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Net loss per share is computed in accordance with ASC subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;260&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10.&lt;/div&gt; We present basic loss per share (&amp;#x201c;EPS&amp;#x201d;) and diluted EPS on the face of our statements of operations. Basic EPS is computed by dividing reported earnings by the weighted average shares outstanding. Diluted EPS is computed by adding to the weighted average shares the dilutive effect if common stock was issued upon the exercise of stock options and warrants. For the years ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued, at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt; were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;14,198,330&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;34,230,080,&lt;/div&gt; respectively. At &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; there were &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11,347,777&lt;/div&gt; potentially dilutive common share equivalents.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Reclassification of Prior Period&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-year presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on reported net loss, total assets or liabilities.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Recent Pronouncements&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;We continually assess any new accounting pronouncements to determine their applicability to our operations and financial reporting. Where it is determined that a new accounting pronouncement affects our financial reporting, we undertake a study to determine the consequence of the change to our financial statements and assure that there are proper controls in place to ascertain that our financial statements properly reflect the change.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement &amp;#x2013;Period Adjustments.&amp;#x201d; Changes to the accounting for measurement-period adjustments relate to business combinations. Currently, an acquiring entity is required to retrospectively adjust the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill as a result of changes made to the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree. The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date during which the acquirer &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; adjust the balance sheet amounts recognized for a business combination (generally up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; year from the date of acquisition). The changes eliminate the requirement to make such retrospective adjustments, and, instead require the acquiring entity to record these adjustments in the reporting period they are determined. The new standard is effective for both public and private companies for periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Inventory (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;330):&lt;/div&gt; Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory,&amp;quot; which applies to inventory that is measured using &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-in, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out (&amp;quot;FIFO&amp;quot;) or average cost. Under the updated guidance, an entity should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value, which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory that is measured using last-in, &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt;-out (&amp;quot;LIFO&amp;quot;). This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted at the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;07,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Fair Value Measurement (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;820):&lt;/div&gt; Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent),&amp;quot; which removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Further, the amendments remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. This ASU is effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted. The new guidance should be applied on a retrospective basis to all periods presented. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;05,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;350&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40):&lt;/div&gt; Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement,&amp;quot; which provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. It also provides guidance related to a customer&amp;#x2019;s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. This standard provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license, then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;02,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Consolidation (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;810):&lt;/div&gt; Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis,&amp;quot; which makes changes to both the variable interest model and voting interest model and eliminates the indefinite deferral of FASB Statement No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;167,&lt;/div&gt; included in ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2010&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; for certain investment funds. All reporting entities that hold a variable interest in other legal entities will need to re-evaluate their consolidation conclusions as well as disclosure requirements. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted, including any interim period. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Income Statement &amp;#x2013; Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;225&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;20),&amp;quot;&lt;/div&gt; effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; This update eliminates from GAAP the concept of extraordinary items. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;16,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;815).&amp;quot;&lt;/div&gt; Entities commonly raise capital by issuing different classes of shares, including preferred stock, that entitle the holders to certain preferences and rights over the other shareholders. The specific terms of those shares &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; include conversion rights, redemption rights, voting rights, and liquidation and dividend payment preferences, among other features. One or more of those features &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; meet the definition of a derivative under GAAP. Shares that include such embedded derivative features are referred to as hybrid financial instruments. The objective of this update is to eliminate the use of different methods in practice and thereby reduce existing diversity under GAAP in the accounting for hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share. The amendments are effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015.&lt;/div&gt; We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;quot;Presentation of Financial Statements &amp;#x2013; Going Concern (Subtopic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;205&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40),&lt;/div&gt; effective for the annual period ending after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and for annual periods and interim periods thereafter. Early application is permitted. This standard provides guidance about management&amp;#x2019;s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity&amp;#x2019;s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related footnote disclosures. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; and early adoption is permitted. We adopted this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements Issued but Not Adopted as of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;09,&lt;/div&gt; &amp;#x201c;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;606),&amp;#x201d;&lt;/div&gt; on revenue recognition. This guidance provides that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance also requires more detailed disclosures to enable users of financial statements to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The original effective date of this guidance was for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; early adoption is not permitted, and the guidance must be applied retrospectively or modified retrospectively. In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB approved an optional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-year deferral of the effective date.&amp;nbsp;As a result, we expect to adopt this guidance on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018.&lt;/div&gt; We have not yet determined our approach to adoption or the impact the adoption of this guidance will have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, if any.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201c;FASB&amp;#x201d;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments, financial liabilities under the fair value option, and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition, the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; and upon adoption, an entity should apply the amendments by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the balance sheet at the beginning of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;first&lt;/div&gt; reporting period in which the guidance is effective. Early adoption is not permitted except for the provision to record fair value changes for financial liabilities under the fair value option resulting from instrument-specific credit risk in other comprehensive income. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued an accounting standards update which modifies the accounting for leasing arrangements, particularly those arrangements classified as operating leases. This update will require entities to recognize the assets and liabilities arising from operating leases on the balance sheet. This guidance is effective for fiscal and interim periods beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2018&lt;/div&gt; and is required to be applied retrospectively to all leasing arrangements. We are currently assessing the effects this guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; have on our financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; August&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued new guidance related to the statement of cash flows which clarifies how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments. The new standard is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; with early adoption permitted. We are currently assessing the effects this guidance &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; have on our financial statements.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;In &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; Clarifying the Definition of a Business (&amp;quot;ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&amp;quot;).&lt;/div&gt; The standard clarifies the definition of a business by adding guidance to assist entities in evaluating whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions of assets or businesses. ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt; is effective for fiscal years beginning after &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; and interim periods within those fiscal years. Under ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01,&lt;/div&gt; to be considered a business, the assets in the transaction need to include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. Prior to the adoption of the new guidance, an acquisition or disposition would be considered a business if there were inputs, as well as processes that when applied to those inputs had the ability to create outputs. Early adoption is permitted for certain transactions. Adoption of ASU &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt;-&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;01&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements if we enter into future business combinations.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 18pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; Common Stock&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 14.2pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;A Special Meeting of our shareholders was held on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;23,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; At the meeting a proposal was approved to amend the Company&amp;#x2019;s Articles of Incorporation such that we would be authorized to issue up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500,000,000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock. We have &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500,000,000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock authorized at a par value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.00001.&lt;/div&gt; &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 14.2pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Equity transactions d&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;uring the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;238,889&lt;/div&gt; common shares and on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;29,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;238,889&lt;/div&gt; common shares having an aggregate fair value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$40,611&lt;/div&gt; pursuant to an employment contract with an officer/director. This contract expired on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;b)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;50,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares to a former Advisory Board Member for the past use of her name on our website. The value of these shares being &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$3,875&lt;/div&gt; was charged to operations;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;c)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; June&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;1,200,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares to settle &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$120,000&lt;/div&gt; of creditor debt. These shares were valued at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt; based on a negotiated settlement price dated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;21,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;d)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016,&lt;/div&gt; we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;250,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.15&lt;/div&gt; per share to a service provider pursuant to a Strategic Advisory and Services Agreement. These shares were valued at the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;5&lt;/div&gt;-days weight average price prior to issuance. The service provider was to source new equity or debt capital. This contract expired and the value of these shares, being &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$37,500,&lt;/div&gt; has been charged to operations as a financing expense; and&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;e)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;From &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;12,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;22,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; we issued a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;500,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares at an average fair value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt; per share to a service provider pursuant to a Consultant Agreement dated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; April&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; The aggregate value of these shares, being &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$51,041,&lt;/div&gt; was charged to operations.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 14.2pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Equity transactions d&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;uring the year ended &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, we sold &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,050,000&lt;/div&gt; Units at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt; per Unit for cash proceeds of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,005,000&lt;/div&gt; of which &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$100,000&lt;/div&gt; was received at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2014.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, we sold &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;750,000&lt;/div&gt; Units at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.10&lt;/div&gt; per Unit for cash proceeds of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$45,000,&lt;/div&gt; debt settlement of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$30,000.&lt;/div&gt; Each Unit consisted of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; share of restricted common stock and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt;-half of a warrant. Each whole warrant allowed the holder to purchase &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;one&lt;/div&gt; additional share at a price of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$0.20&lt;/div&gt; per share at any time between &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; and &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; May&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;27,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016.&lt;/div&gt; These shares expired, unexercised.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;b)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;During &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, we issued a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;96,165&lt;/div&gt; common shares, having an aggregate fair value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$13,025&lt;/div&gt; to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt; employees for services rendered.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;c)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; November&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3,000,000&lt;/div&gt; restricted common shares. See Note &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;7&lt;/div&gt; (c)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;d)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2015&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;&lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;18.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Subsequent Events&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;Subsequent to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;31,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2016&lt;/div&gt; we have entered into the following debt and equity transactions:&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;a)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;11,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; we borrowed &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$43,000&lt;/div&gt; from Power Up Lending Group, Ltd (Power Up). The loan is evidenced by a promissory note which bears interest at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8%&lt;/div&gt; per year&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, due on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; October&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;17,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; Power Up &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; convert the promissory note into our common shares. On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; we borrowed an additional &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$30,000&lt;/div&gt; from Power Up. This additional loan is evidenced by a promissory note which bears interest at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;8%&lt;/div&gt; per year&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;, due on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; December&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt; On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; July&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; Power Up &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; convert the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$43,000&lt;/div&gt; promissory note into our common shares and on &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; September&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;6,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017&lt;/div&gt; Power Up &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; may&lt;/div&gt; convert the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$30,000&lt;/div&gt; promissory note into our common shares. The conversion price of these loans is &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;61%&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; of the average of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;three&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; lowest trading prices of our common shares during the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;15&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;-day trading period ending on the last trading day prior to the date of conversion. We have reserved &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40,000,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares for future issuances pursuant to a Reservation Letter dated &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017.&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;b)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;25,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; we entered into a Settlement Agreement with certain creditors whereby Rockwell Capital Inc. purchased debts from our creditors totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$250,738&lt;/div&gt; (the &amp;#x201c;Claim Amount&amp;#x201d;). In return Rockwell Capital Inc. can convert the Claim Amount into free-trading common shares pursuant to Section &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3(a)&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;(10)&lt;/div&gt; of the Securities Act at a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;40%&lt;/div&gt; discount of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;3&lt;/div&gt; lowest traded prices over the prior &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10&lt;/div&gt; days. To date a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$250,738&lt;/div&gt; has been settled and converted into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;78,459,168&lt;/div&gt; common shares. In connection with the Settlement Agreement we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;625,000&lt;/div&gt; common shares having a fair market value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$6,425&lt;/div&gt; for a registered broker dealer to act on our behalf. The Claim Amount has been fully extinguished as at &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;28,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;c)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; January&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;26,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; we entered into a Debt Purchase Agreement (&amp;#x201c;DPA&amp;#x201d;) with Old Main Capital, LLC (&amp;#x201c;Old Main&amp;#x201d;) to assign up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,727,484&lt;/div&gt; of principal owed to TCA Global Credit Master Fund LP (&amp;#x201c;TCA&amp;#x201d;) in exchange for up to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$1,722,484&lt;/div&gt; pursuant to terms of the DPA. To evidence this DPA we entered into a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;10%&lt;/div&gt; Senior Replacement Convertible Promissory Note for any purchases made from TCA by Old Main. To date Old Main has purchased &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$170,000&lt;/div&gt; of such debt by paying TCA a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$163,000&lt;/div&gt; and paying legal fees of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7,000&lt;/div&gt; to legal counsel for Old Main and TCA. Old Main has the right to convert this amount into our common shares at a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;35%&lt;/div&gt; discount of the average of the &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; lowest traded prices in the prior &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;30&lt;/div&gt; days. To date a total of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$144,089&lt;/div&gt; has been converted into &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;46,153,843&lt;/div&gt; common shares. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;d)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; February&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;22,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; we entered into a Revenue Based Factoring Agreement with Strategic Funding whereby we received &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$44,500&lt;/div&gt; for future receipts purchased totaling &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$61,098.&lt;/div&gt; We are repaying this Factoring Agreement at a daily rate of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$332&lt;/div&gt; over a &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;184&lt;/div&gt;-business day period. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style="&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;e)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;On &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt; March&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;13,&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;2017,&lt;/div&gt; we issued &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;700,000&lt;/div&gt; shares of common stock having a fair market value of &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;$7,000&lt;/div&gt; pursuant to &lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic; font-weight: inherit; font-style: normal;&gt;two&lt;/div&gt; service contracts. &lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;/tr&gt;  &lt;/table&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif; WIDTH: 100%; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 border=0&gt;  &lt;tr&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=WIDTH: 18pt; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;f)&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt; &lt;td style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; TEXT-ALIGN: left; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25; MARGIN-RIGHT: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-family: times new roman; font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; font-style: italic;&gt;Use of Estimates&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 serif&gt;&amp;nbsp;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt; &lt;div style= TEXT-ALIGN: justify; MARGIN: 0pt 0pt 0pt 17.85pt; LINE-HEIGHT: 1.25&gt;&lt;div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PromotionalAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FreightCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfServicesDirectLabor'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LaborAndRelatedExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ContractSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_AccretionOfDiscountToConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestIncomeExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForShareIssuanceCostsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForShareIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForEmploymentServicesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForEmploymentServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedToDirectorPursuantToEmploymentContractShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedToDirectorPursuantToEmploymentContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedAsSecurityForAccruedLiabilityShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedAsSecurityForAccruedLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForShareIssuanceCostsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForShareIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedToDirectorPursuantToEmploymentContractShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedToDirectorPursuantToEmploymentContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesSoldToSettleAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=plsb_SharesIssuedForCashMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=plsb_SharesIssuedForDebtSettlementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=plsb_SharesIssuedForShareIssuanceCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=plsb_SharesIssuedForEmploymentServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=plsb_SharesIssuedToDirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=plsb_SharesIssuedForServicesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_AccretionOfDiscountToConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInNotesReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfLoansAndLeases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseExcludingExchangeRateEffect'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivablesTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndIntangibleAssetsTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_PromissoryNotesPayableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ConvertibleNotesTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesAndFairValueTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_WarrantsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionAllowances'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SeasonalityPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValueTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisValuationTechniquesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<div style=display: inline; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
 <td style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_WorkingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_NumberOfMajorCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValueAddedTaxReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DueFromSuppliersOfServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DepositsOnFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSuppliesNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=plsb_FormulationsRightsAndPatentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_MobileDisplayUnitAndVehicles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedPatentsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=plsb_PromissoryNote1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=plsb_PromissoryNote2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=plsb_TCAGlobalCreditMasterFundCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_CommonStockValuePercentWeightedAverageValueOfSharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_CommonStockOwnedByLenderMaximumThreshold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFeeAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=plsb_TCAGlobalCreditMasterFundCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_LineOfCreditFacilityFee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesRestrictedStockAwardGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_RestrictedCommonStockNumberOfSharesSoldByShareholderToReduceLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_RestrictedCommonStockProceedsFromSharesSoldByShareholderAllocatedToTheReductionOfLiabilitiesToTheShareholder'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAnnualPrincipalPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_LineOfCreditFacilityUnappliedPrincipalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsCurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=plsb_TCAGlobalCreditMasterFundCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=plsb_UnsecuredShortTermLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnamortizedDebtIssuanceExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentCarryingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtConversionConvertibleDiscountPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleBeneficialConversionFeatureFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_AccretionOfDiscountToConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLossOnDerivative'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ConvertibleDebtCurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_RevaluationOfConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ConvertibleDebtCurrentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityFairValueInExcessOfNoteProceedsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisLiabilityGainLossIncludedInEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationsRecurringBasisLiabilityValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesSettlementOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_StockIssuedDuringThePeriodSettlementOfDebtValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_UnitsIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_UnitNumberOfRestrictedCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_UnitNumberOfWarrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByEachWarrantOrRight'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=plsb_FormerAdvisoryBoardMemberMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=plsb_ServiceProviderPursuantToAStrategicAdvisoryAndServicesAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_StockIssuedDuringPeriodAverageFairValuePerShareIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=plsb_ServiceProviderPursuantToAConsultantAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_StockIssuedDuringPeriodAverageFairValuePerShareIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=plsb_EmploymentContractWithAnOfficerdirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=plsb_ThreeEmployeesForServicesRenderedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_SharesIssuedForEmploymentServicesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=plsb_EmploymentContractWithADirectorMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRightsExpiredUnexercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRightsExpiredUnexercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=plsb_CertainEmployeesAndConsultantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=plsb_TwoDirectorsAndAConsultantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=plsb_The2011PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensationForfeited'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedNumberOfShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsNonvestedOptionsForfeitedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=plsb_ExercisePriceRange1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansByExercisePriceRangeAxis=plsb_ExercisePriceRange2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComponentsOfDeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureRecurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureRecurring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationBadDebtExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtConversionConvertibleDiscountPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_ProceedsFromFactoringAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_FactoringLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DailyFactoringRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_FactoringAgreementTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleTradingDaysUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionOriginalDebtAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtConversionConvertibleDiscountPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentMaximumAssignableDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentMaximumExchangeableAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleTradingDaysUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleTradingDaysUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleTradingDaysUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtConversionConvertibleDiscountPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentGrossAmountOfDebtPurchasedByThirdParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentAmountPaidToLenderByThirdParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentAmountOfLegalFeesFromPurchaseOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleConversionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleNumberOfLowestTradingPricesUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_DebtInstrumentConvertibleTradingDaysUsedToDetermineConversionPrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_plsb_MinimumCommonSharesAuthorizedRequiredToReceiveAdditionalAmountFromConvertibleDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConvertibleDebtCurrent'

O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+
MWTG] E!+ P04     (@Y%*MP@I).X    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O


MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+[B,_1!XQD,=V-KNN3T&'#3D1! 1]0J=2.27ZJ7GP


YCU\(-


(HTO?!30+



!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S
M^!7+5(UEHP$35T$FN8BT\OELQ?S:WCYES^DZ'3*!;C ;6!_SF^GY$Y:B.%4


M
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z
M'&=?

MWXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU
M+

M:;




VPLCO='U!=*
MY \FIS_I





94[[G*TG$53B_

 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\
MU*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHS
Y5$RD55*[52M%6WSR0AB;6V<8$D
MV[\O8-9UX'A?;, S9SCX##_
_XF+I3*X+VI6[$(+U)VSU$D#A?:$/'$.MJJ







RF$S9JR.J6;


.?
C6;=:.K&(#=7
MB5FZT59)9'I+92JWVD;&UK!N#'5CD1M#NG%Y\%
@-U16Y'D!D;&QK!M+W3CD

XISUDU
_Z!4\




M*(NP\BSV0F4Q+SQ*@;)48Y80TE7!$P26G#4M;DV,8+Q0(6T
)$JI(\ R5E
MH
$


L)3R?-44IX:S%-)

M5J3#K3@Y$=H@+I;T[+&.8G141DWM!0! KT%5ZVYSM?=$MSFY\+IJ\1-UV*5I




MB228*W:V(OPG\43\$2)8A B4?32%2 T(+8%*TNH0/H @






QCVU5-/W_V?:M::MR:5:*?/OE\_#L?\\#^U_A
D!


ZG6IE4RO[240_??CB9^+Q(SZ6:!ER;$
MCZ1+4K 3XV-$/X;Y217Q8U@_:+4RH(D?KM.)TP82V8\5_5CN!X@?R_H!!\YY

MK:$)X $W9*DAX&5EO%)T-@@Z;3S:5J 
A'0.Z(
TWGNZRRAHS5<XR38'CU%&<

C9&

B@!L](





WNNVK8J^R.?EZIJ0S2J


$%     @ B(.1







D25'31H(Y3
M%6+^A
K97E#(I&X5M3IZ5C%IL=.#PX5L)/PFM2GHZZ5=$:4#HD-WV6/K,\S
M1HP_% I3^%7(*

&04H P'PT*!^9[G4$LW*DT3GD
@HW[/&!P*


M)!;B
#9&K+H^U74=87XH !!B

@D
7QGO8
D
%24V53%?& +EQ*\A(ZMBD7A0

JKAM,(4(4XK@F@ WMD6<,7])\1=D],<'8T&FYVN#N?XB-H#.


M.#1)ART\X OGG#EC/';6OFJ@ =O%6\5JNPT+I9$J+V!51
/8D&:O/E*&3%


RG:0'9_JV%V

L'*9VF.B)XD$F:) )$F2Z2H0/I_E^OT79==


1C)Y
317F(NP''([:

&ULA9G=;N

MN^V2JLHO=_5F/[^]GIY]ZFZOVY=AN]DWG[I9_[+;U=V_JV;;OMW
S?S;@\^;



E!2P[$5.AV#ROP



MQG -9

I!B'PT!2UY:(M643SY6
M3EK2.AN2+SGU#,,' 7IB%5+^

UJ2

M0WX'@PQ*R\BDPC)E
$T-P*F3ZXS1I%SX3%3I1\LH#WO)$*:J 5AUDN]&(]
$
DP2G?B!)KC1]).5 %F=)MI8I+C*%?)
M-= M#(442IXP6@F@5:ZU*]+(7*2<YJGTPD-V\^Y KCE4!6Z0K+&&$<$LA

O+!F$D4@@3Y5+
M^(IT!KIPEM0^ LBBZ4^PH E %@O 4L@5W4Q5C(= KI%B*$J]1%F+$4]%7UA
MAT28B@2HZ452=
NNJI2^P&@2X9#Z;5GC$4&6/02BZR9%ZN@7GH@*YG!7&3








L
M:;8K0



MU\Q)EY0!N#Z_L7^*M6

WZ&N9Y;2N;BO\(5
M)(8')9BC


YYRY
*0#FA?; #CRJE5K
M




V

W\03N2I




W);7+

%0TH[FY

M1N_6Q]


_E
0-NNI EO':7*D
M


F04/EP
MW./9#F
V&-ZTXP]BTS?._P)02P
$%     @ B(.12K'LN76X 0  T@
  !D






M

MQJB

60T/AP
MO


$%     @ B(.12ETAA36W 0  T@
  !D

M4C95U$JMM$K5Y)FUQS8*& ?P.OW[#MAQW-0OP SGG+DPI(.Q+ZX!\.1-J]9E



U_ +_NSM9M-BL4DH-K9.F)1:J
MC-XEA^

(W729/.

7_@ LHA(=
M
$9AE(LK*7KGC9Y4

MD?]'Y^OT[6J&VTC?+J-?WZX+[%8%=E%@]T^)_%.):YCMIR!LT5
-MH[3Y$AA


M;*JJE5IIE:K-
VN/;11@7
<;NF[XU$TK0L.5F0=;^ 7N-_=R7B+S2J54*M0$T
U#F]

M9NQ]Q\


M_=F
8S8:#KOI!['Y&Q=O4$L#!!0    ( (B#D4KH%*&1M0$  -(#   9

3)FC2R+36M

W3Z#N9/
7.2:'A

4FE5(HT%:@)@:JC-ZO
M#\=MP$? ;P&]G9U)J.2
^!*




M

9\?3
M(<:G@<)HU^=2:SD8NUS-+[4!=U%0:@I%!X':%!U J$J&
7S
G75)&X/K\



50T(1XO
6SF\9L
M





MYU@[UG(6#IZ

MO#MP[$T9G+$5\0Z3=^B]%#S99^P2A&;


MAH+:A^
]GNTT9I/A



_N*2#L:^N ?#D3:O69;3QOCLRYHH&
MM'!WIH



MM6




MSUX8P(K-4-LLZ=_7-H2BE!?;
S[GS


#]/ZF0:.%\Z9IF1T
B#J2M&(\23XR+61/RSSZSJ;

H%81\&K\73;J&#



X1M

H\Q]L-10T+AQO_=G
8S8;#H?E

M:&5E='

M7AC BB_4-DOZ][4-2VG*B^T9GW/FXG$^:O-N.P'/J10ML=



M971S+W-H965T



&W*SR 4D'(I_%KTJ1SR$!<GM_5GV+MOI:+
ML/ ZJ<L79/1.TI*J$2OW#


X4
0MNBI!E/':;*DP+Z-D[SPS@-[S^.;

M971S+W-H965T



MJS
)E5R


F&*
TRL65E(/S1L\J
MF(H6K]
NN[B/T\WN=J9M$_A
X OA$..P*5#

3ID6-O

M971S+W-H965T





MC&[IF^-!UHT+#I:GG:CA#[B_W=%XB\TJI=306HDM



YYRY
*2#L2^N ?#D3:O69;3QOCLPYHH&M'!7IH
6

FG4
&XO+\KOXMUHZUG(6#





H.^1T

M6
M5^'A


MT_Y5N$8:3ZXVX


M_@!02P
$%     @ B(.12GR=W.BV 0  T@

Z]HRF3C^#*3QZ-
:



ZADSD@\&6'


$%'DQ



MF@2!;:#I

MKTIJE]+:^_;(F
MK4
+=F!8TWI3&*N'1M!5SK0511)2C*]6.Z9$HVF61-_9
M9HGIO&PTGUQG5+_CN!-'U*U_3=\=A4M0\.EB6MJ. )_._V;-%B$TO1*-N
M


UZJL!6

M))0^'/=XML.8#88W[?B#V/2-LS=02P




[&6VQF*:6&UDIL






;8!  #2 P


MV9::3E

Z_P'NY9QS/[BD@[&OK@'PY%VK
MUF6T\;X[


M%JJ


-L9P5!]#L'7



1)%MF6




M[F

X$C

[2R[H_

MY


$%     @ B(.12DO'
MVV*W 0  T@

MLA'-BVT!''G5JK





NN[B/TTURF&G;!#X3^$*X


^8T



G3CM7P$^RO[J1=





^%QF$,V2O6J6P#W@3O=8Y;8X8C(;IL03#]( ?H[9=:*L&
#55#

MCK/^G18FT)E -P0R&?G*/S+#BDS)$:GI[ ?F_N+=D=JS*5W2'X7_9HO7-GLK
MXFB7D9L3FC&G4-7F'


0I@/
M&Q.RNH(5..'3Z-27GL_^*OL,M]/U%_A=_CT.'QCJNEZC2[2V$'PU[66TH M
M)7JPI]K:]V@).-3&;5.[5]-43H&1P_S@D.75*_X4$L#!!0    ( (B#D4HQ

MX\A&8Y]=^#)BU:=RVGK?7]BS)4M:.'N3 \=WM3&:N'1M USO05119!6C?)

M+%IL8:FDALY)TQ$+=4X?TM-Y'^)CP$\)HUN=2:CD:LQS

M3S%\%9
N$0S9EQ1\*\69_P?GV_#=IL)=A._6\.-AFV_2;/!/M_2DS?E;@5


$%     @ B(.12@$[




[S

$%


M]YHEI
GN-2M(DP^:0'



M&+YHPZ.^:0V=BNV5:::Z+;KK1M=1O.VO4L%PGYO_ U!+ P04     (@Y%*


M8[!)1\;?10


XFSLZR8ZQ=UU\J3+D:D-

M?&/C9YCSA
B9PW^%(U %UT[4




MZZ%33XZ
MT0JDY^0Z#F0@PEJ*8J($4M:3J_+(QOR\NG25M.MAR3YS;EO _

X'-?^QW!5Y5IO
M!#\;&

IC-]33G\NJ0-O]]?L


X\


!JJ;!Q3 F$FD


M(CS9]@W!9 AF@T_^:\3 :\,:2SI7ZDBN:IX(
CQLWJJ3D3_A'KGUF:H/UW
M=DY7*W7TD6
2I^AA$DV:TZ@)%IK@O:+8*O _=( ,T6P2Q%8/WE'D:PH1DUD
M-=U($?I1LD;9RC AAXCLX^!='+S%;T5SJ@)%^N$



M**'&_(FVT

L 'G503QW?=R*EQU=A9JF
[EJ7T+$C5P(Y9
M_%S7F/W+@=!N8WOV-?!2G4JA DZ6MO@$OT#\;G=

Y_P 6(ALE


M

TYMPPS *9U*6

B;H&[$A$8QH4%
-!
3+FCBX!/'
MD9$D6I+XLSO.HZ47%WEAX
X\+W&N64ILE!(;_


MND

M8KED_.?J-H.TP%9UQ-&?_ 5!+ P04





M5+4+UV%P@C.]

M9A[-I-T[^TY7*_7LK2!9E*.;230R^X'!



MA91MCYLP#



MC


MS(-QVK.S[W2W4GNO94)(@:XFT:39C9KX3A
_*JJE(ODK01I@IHB]%+&-3Q\H

OGPH@N.R0'Y
M[G)V9G9-JIJ4?C8#@







D3
N6-3 JS38L429$B07?)BB3!.4[AE'^,PR2?UC?SAQ?W1+_+]1

M2P



Q_[[P
_\L-1ZH%@/CUE!_Z3RU^GYUK=!7V675[RJLE%Y=5\/_
?
M\61#$AW0(G[G_-H

1UH1+_A6ZA29^KOP)2\*G4GI^&N2



$=)AI*9&KF+J*0H9A25'
MH.0(D
/@!#&8('83
&O.*P3)# ) TD8D, Z7FOF5/4JSRHV@U1 A(E+E%J


M]1&*B





M77$








8I31%/69(XG4V8I[J
$$3N

M812%HXUZ Y.,D DS@PZ7\69ZI+
$I3#/-D($\&\*0.3S;]\M)9&&7N?I_J


%B C*8 A\Y_^*/][#*U#DSA.
?NDU$T=[7$IO
MQ\^-


C#K(QOVQ5
M6Q?:#-M=U!U:66R&H+J*&%)5!=E$RYFP[/[=C%31UV5C;QO@^Y8UT7[YTY6


U


M(F&[1T)0()[-@+UF






TT:
MOG9+(=H5 /Q8XAKQ1]KB1CXY4U8C(:?L GC+,#KIH)J P/-B4*.J<8M<K^U9
MD=.K(%6#]\SAU[I&[,\&$]JM7=_]6'BI+J50Z#(6W3!/[!X;?=





&UL?97=CILP$(5?!?$ :S _R48$
M::&J6JF5HJVZO7;()* UF-I.V+Y];4

?XN2@#I?-2T




T
M_P


I]+(%M)3*\2


M;6Q]E.UNFS 4AF\%^0)J/M





M?)HO#HA'LPG]((D7)/$81 Z(3^.NB$^3^$%2+TCJ



8



X4[W8+E]VY3U


D


V




MJA@H78@SA0@3L([[T

B'WA.$M][$&W0(;P6'L%


MSXD22L(').8#U'2I;T*8ON$Q7MKZYI()0G62T+=$]



M_']02P


M8+Q;^9%_#;Q6IU*90)!G+3W!=U _VIW0IV!D.50U-++BC2?@N/)?HN4V-7@+



[NX$M07Q'D
QL])C$
M8AJ+P21.


4(!R$*H'EXPIK($15DCY^FZ)NIZF(_?%;]<\ZO RSQQS6E/PJCB)?N7/7

(%BUS'IO\$5B(0K)U+C0 G7_YW#A0M:FBK22HE?VV=1Z6?3
MOHDC0[
3 D




M5M


$TA*(0PB:V&TR-U31



5L(D\%*(S 9D340]PU$H9.

0:%F1-/

^.#8V4 8 HLE

@;JR!9 Q^ D%
MO3Y1



M+GAM;'U4VXZ;

!PT=J8VB9L_[ZV(2P%


UZ\TZ
M+?SW



48N/YQXG$5B&Q

T

MRE_-




MJ

-DS='D:

B-%6@HL15A*U JY:9#0*%#]@2,\V,A&!0 :$($L(Q-A7


MDYHP$

M2Y



&$Q8T$0VV'F5IBY!2:8P'2:

.[=%4UHI0DM?9F4O#$U
M)DUXOW=7))&5)+*01!
24V.21$9?GB#PH^!F8Q96G(4%9S'!
34FSN(_&A-;



MO0MF-L$A7@IHU&!-;L'(5[MYMMQX_FV(N0:4O!S.


M$-F:7S/[&P?KT'B3V:SPKTSQ2L3O:91'3T:HDZS*[%A /


Z




-='Y2YC1U$F?.SHET/!X'DF3$B_NV \K$(HN U
M\-2=6F4N




MEM%NVR 4AE_%\OUJ


M;!RT%!L?U+59CE1=:+IT]7C]WKU4(=3-OT\EXGXZ'KA/YS)UMU6J8X?1UX




K]64@#0/*4P4X+)J'YY0&


MCM
P$(9?)?(#K--DMUVJ)!);A$ J5H$7+O)I+'6AV[S?+VC \;VE*5F]@S
M_O_)-[&=:M+FQ0X +GN50MF:#



MM9@]-@_OEA4]^D))\Q0UQ8FF.%=L_E64?R44 6:*XBI%$?SW9Q2KXJH60:-
MIK\@N*6X@RBO I17H%XO( H_PMQ2Q$AZ




M





MC5]AJF?G.E/QW^$&1
%U)DJC8$28KU

0C(Z15&I4/QFU[8SZVA/XGBB;1.
MB1#,!/]S0C@1P@^N4UD

%
M/_:\51$6$QM



RYX;6R-E=&.






JF:C6D)



;K-/59CR=M+\]%]-)_E%EJXU[+D;EQWJ=


M]S'W%*.E=Y^_




_4IYI02
(GDI!$U
F

T+8ZU
M[I9C/1],2):FW071.H2PB&2OE4@JQ0W4N2&% !6Q'45ZPD[D[-0D)B( ?
M&H(UE_F;RP(K1


MK?*WX!WH-%L1R4C'B Q(7#+J5=8GHTV[)I.8#

MO!4L&P4$K*B 561]*D[E0$\*J%=QZDU\(@:DT8S05G[ 7OY.#=[
*Z!M1;5-
M^L8=!]($ %A*T;8&FQG%)L8G;K?D'-.U!OWX0W&0HH6U%EDX*:

MBE-UXA

@\



M(.22!AB*838)?D-\
M10A#S;$2UP%


BJN']3Q;
M-7_=K(IY\[NS;9[CD=XDQ0)F_G,<Y0A3<1Z5UD9/3L+^R2#T;.Y-LHIS<0;/
MW6:YM;.K=;3WR_C39:7N


M0. HESNSAGW(/ _^$J]6)Y_2[#X55W%49&F\%&^+8AOGOKUFZS5@PE69+3X%




QL#;P-OT
2V1Y NC!8X;6F(L\WD3)


!$O2@-7=C, TX'XSF
MC9SM+ELM@8W^_G?3?CCY3KP&O
*YS^.;9)&4QQ:P 9-O8IAZ*0IFC&'0Z_7P




M/KZT$Y4K)$#1OLQ6JR@'4@;]AE#'Q=7K$U@8UJ8C^)Y6&.]_LJZ9'+KK^M
'

?


H
X%(I'ZC4..XV!EH$E5?NZ)AT/@M9(B!;

X_U_?
M]P=/9*AX%U+%.V

2R!Z6?QWE*=QSX1U)1-_\

=OW5_MJ+;6!


MV4BS-Z;T'HN6CUG!YY?@R4'*H=])K*/\4TQ*&5._\VZ_HI1T&.8=\5+NR@.(
MMQ4@T&'JEV4FW

M?UTQHRN% /L]#==YKOC






MG
?7UP23?4Z6L-;\82^ 5S1R;M*(*X9*\Y^(5_%MDJ*1B)O!.+-G'$:R/2
^


[*)$4SJ-\!9=69I@#E
)V


G)W5W#



MP&X^PW/9MJ 0/(C3)9(@(* 

QCXI$

M^1A$I)D@BZ8MW-;FXO4Y-0(5!PK9W-\E@'4(5O1N1$BE$L9HD
'@2EW&6'*T
M


+;AX!/@4_?WR$!88X#AUB(BFJ7BT! ;U))BV\HB@W
MU46G!UE]VO$A.F$PGDZ#<#:C^-@/!L&DQ 8&R8_6*

F2 GX&21-@2UN2

MFFL0RZDF;G$!YOCE5K3/OP1HK;?/6 [%'0II$99H)IE&*QNH7I4'#R/:#Q

M\#NPLTK'^ FH1OE9Z

J;/WZBW17H



M -@JT-8:GL3]$KNK+A:&=-$2Q0.\!I5Y3:=!3&!8:5'CN7X+C'6P.
#GAG..



 )

M(G!3PJ=+%!Y
MM%@YF)-O *C2OV_$*YE5B+HL[.*.]'KT)!.80.




M

:XF4FJ9$N!=A' ^ :YQK :.FYKCPI#-[(JRMXZ!Q1
XE/(^4*

-2V*M]='6_IXD=M!Z*.$O@X%KPI1G7TH^
M X8OGQB=?7#FFQ+]P0 64,C!-.,0AQPUV: @A2
&] _\5+D-1A@
C+?P


_ O_[TX3%NZ:
MB


M$%PJ.I644CJ&ORHDK^5&!_(I%%!(S(3%.$A:_+S:#?.+FA?.D8[;K65LXYVC




M&G/@DHZ'BQONSX!#%C4GJ+1 
L/=2+)AF9%N)?$T-O?. NE!WQ#Z#Y'#E3%=

MI9;
Y F%8IM1+




NT&7Z-*#\%U9


'7+0\A^XXS6JAEHO
M_Y





X

MU@(&E:DNC\IOKCH*KJ7.C9[R6K^6Q*+I%O07*Q&DC_2.)IB*@OI!52.3KDS
MAF7Z+?IJ^-G 1+S%5MSI&LT(C?H+JA\@


J!&+%.+;V(;%42 C5H 93:OY'7BW*[T?X F$NA4AG+


M&GS(E.NJ4/GG6PRTDI;G@)41D-%\5(%V'SWD#

F!.?0HT4Z^9

D:
M!4:Q7=1G0
75X=YEQ8/]28-9

\7= )@PJ
MDTI$O]-6R*-D7*GW1D%=#7LOY%Y0ZQK

5X-6GDZL%N=;)(L1?UAG89=+#
MR(P=[1)/?
@T4R4KUL:PZ9O#Y6HZ% 6])

M
 SZ@U[0 UM#FCZJ



2&9]E)* KH-9&7;
MA%G#
EF2 Y3U51W/





)71@DXL)5S]ONK.KH3
M
0I&@Y%L;C*%C8S@.]G2S@%/..EP' SZ0_@TF(Z#X;AOM3+@)H(PS5M_95N5

_F


QE.V




I4#)J\29:
ML
_H/M:Y!

MB+2#N5F$CYKAQT69X7
3G3 P[2&RD

M&$-EUWP$W3&1E=1
-I]CO/EN*V$))AD=H)@[RMX4[1Y#IWHKB](QL@L,R
MA&7(N#R]?%JN !3402C/T3ARG.I(C3ZPD5=T78$1\U,K&+Y6,:J?,]2N1$P



J.XIU;'G5KU .R/7M3W=I#[74 E-UD$YIU/]'\:



MRDNVTRAKB#J1D($[Q&?=E(^

M\W DNN$
VZJ

MF\R8QDSK0_PVBT%/(EQ81V ]3J$V



@



\'RM5@
\[Z
YF!! Y%[^TZZ G3TW;C
JNZ



M6_=/
X]/@A

G?9AV+(
W#K2&Y?1P6+MZXMAQ
[IMLJ-'EO:C([)0OWOMQE:5$LTG]JJ.


NMZR
MZVO9:XJ:A?FL@7U+?'T]8:L:0%UU1A_BJI-8X




M4FK5CETJGMO(PL=0B.&?L)0G9LSF*-&9# (L]N^ !_W)Y@%%(3H&.Z@XH()
MS?T!)EQU,;8S



IB* 2; '86]8\HN&6#





R6BSM
J'<(8!\;M?\
MW*ZY_(VU:[:(?8T8P^W4<G%N7*_5U_D0U/]'-85VO&JP7G$94EV&?-F#F.#


?#_ YO]G
M]@%OB4
_^G-S/UYB(?IQ
\=T9\S
M%W][F8O/'='_ SJB.[I[& W2+ZE%N=$6_35][G7^E?KM?Y/[+-^2)-UVUL








1#81E;*QO]'%


W

XV@;:Z;
7ND2I.7HP SGSPCHH
MU5?)$LJ F





5QD


M


M(-V#K:
RB+![HYZ!^%T$AO\:ZWF!?CEW#6L_SNZ2^ 9]_0MV3K%2F*N2+5YP



KHXY/4F!

5Q:A_R2.537T

]]%


$0!'X]1
MH Z'ZYI)A)VP-PGZ1A;WG[FK#K=W&F5&)W).\-^


M1
FR=F&#&;[F)*3

M&3G4

M%V67K9;7&NN'B[8Z*9S^ZT?
X
/FP\P.^THABQWS$Q=+J_+/.^-FUES+X#








M@A[
\!T;;99(35-X:BL/(5F.-=1S!#MOL8$?MBT(_;577LO=M'S8'





S-XH /*S%SS7;

:J



M[W&S#X;%?F3?X4I*T1L9M*STIW.A@UG)$-GWV)2Q?J$8$[Y2Z6V[\'O:Y5EY






L

 R
MKK$6&]#!CK*IGC/5S)CP!9=*26VZ7:9U=+-]QZ$/\X'&




M2]#HY]M2O2P7%&+Y%BHJKU.BPHV
4]*IZOV6]FVZI5[]XD%+'C.HC6G)F0CW




%+;$.5LW3@





M/'F4.DF\


E;@0&!6=J7?=FL.M
MN8WD
9OE'M

MS)
%O0






MF+IR*[-V(U&I4M^


D(.4I(3


CDP/E0;J%E;H_$C
MCDC!'-DP@4TV\Q,Q8DJ+P/?[9F[:_$F)1FHB-[)F!F'69IG*OA=?1E3LS4
MNYIC3$HTT9%-$S O /-;K:K?;+OO(668Z,B*713H(


MB% V[*)C&'3:).)WE=:O&LWG9\$E
^B3E\$GFA_*F
%3]4T6KQEU8.@ARX
M%&.2:0N'3Z+L]R V38@0






!LN'
MB# F9:&
Q4(#6RT9SH4RRD(9BX5ZMUI\GV)

(M



M8X.%L




?EH$=Z4%P#&=?\)(0U
M7^L(N(Y\KR







O73_3.EQVE+#I?/
MJ_^?+E/_1(1Y17G^#5!+ P04     (@Y%*WI^?Y_(!   &)@  $P   %M#
(AV VP!7[ )-,F
M:A);M@OE[W'0P(5J8A6NINFR3@S-ZEU5KU\?'44)MNN[<
\JV-T%XR%LJ;.
MA-PZZE-E:7UG8CKU*^9
N38K8F(V*UAI^TA]G






M=3SFG6GZWY(\6;O^G
_&OW\MW@!02P$% ,4     (@Y%*'R// \     3
M @  P              @ $     7W)E;'

O87!P

M A0#%     @ B(.12D7(^GFG @   @H  !@              ( !]P@  'AL



BYX

4     (




M   ( (B#D4J3^^#%M@$  -(#   8                ?(C  !X;]W;W)K







YX;6Q02P$% 




M2BW$#%FW 0  T@

O



-0


M

  !D


4     (@Y%*EJ83\+@!  #2



4     (@Y%*ABT@[ZX  !\P  &0


M971S+W-H965T

  !D


M% 
4     (@Y%*HMN6



S N

  !D              ( !



M:&5E=#


4     (@Y%*FT@.BO8!   F!@  &0

X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (B#
MD4J5;XC]

M+W-H965T



YX;6Q02P$% 
4



M4$L! A0#%     @ B(.12EO
QST0 @  RP4  !D              ( !BFL



4     (@Y%*+Y-3APD#  ! #0  &0

M Q0    ( (B#D4H_Z9DV0 (  +
'   9                ;1Y  !X;]W




4



M A0#%     @ B(.12B2]J+8  @  O 4  !D              ( !(8T  'AL



M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (B#D4JI9'HS@ (  -






4

4     (@Y%*WI^?Y_(!   &
M)@  $P              @ &U[0  6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+!08
1    20!) /$3  #8[P     !
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  










begin 644 0001437749-17-006648-xbrl.zip

#$V
3(S
2YX

UG?


M_'*A7
H7$G4

PGCDELUZ&_7#CNQ?_Y^#__Q]__



IV_&./MY_ 5?Z*9?L)P7ROSL5\+?,KBQF-M1E=XZ
ML85/Q_8EO/GFJ?QYR%A<R$[Q#)8-DW\)R1)29/DN(X33++[
'WOG3^;TG?P

O34-;$:'%+28/--+PYUPH2GJHBMF&=FTP0\9E#%_ZN4\

#:SX1



220UK A;PR\7M]R\Q#8,+*7L\'$^7;<9;Q+8'W3[




!E2[V[T2&&)8OD69=?HI
Q/L^@Y%CW(

O4_
VA;]0S+$8+

Q&#+Z

M^ME5:762LNKVM15930
/UA+RI=P9#&)!%60FF_]_$CN@8'L&C-[O%$5'S:MP
MON




MH?;#
2/*=BQ;;NOF&TA_+L;:O!Y
M1=*4]]M;[UZCLSPB0]?WW4G!02GDV6(O!FM_\\
:8Q*
P0\I1^$A#TN6J'5A
MPH2Q11MS?KE0L_4TV0I&K-1+.9SY/]C:J11VQW'$F&2_B:=1W8;!H]BF? #3
MK)XUZHTUK@D



!
M8CI(ALM\UF1+SIJ'
*0:STT=G]8?5@_/2F; [WV9%'3%Q$^N)Y&13[U&1PZI([T46HKT
M.Y4\:E#KA6N) VN94O6@I[=@DB+(1STC$1T632U=%E.2^EI'%G-F# T)L+&
M(#90U2D_:SCUZ


L(J%R]
M+98*LX R%[Y Y$8I1  -Y7E\*D%F:56([LM)0!.+HG@GJ.9X_@$^6./IM*B

M(N*] M


$'@P-@@=8


M!3/OQOP0#IKE6+X%OFY$+&\!0H'#G!C%$25^X-&28LZ!W-)[:?& OPAL+
T#




%M![/



%H_8Z_4ZF

M

3

M[( [-MQ7P[.= 37OIM3CQSH_$1-%_/EM2AV6N8T@J_
JU^#-U\FK*_=S;5_5


M6TMSI;4'66N.=N3NZF&*L[]


&O





?X1E9


-^=

M= )Z+V]#
I9)-K


SNA'H!.D


?Q-<(I

@'R\;\\D6*+#],HP&XPW=&,4+_:^L#54S)K



0
(9T


4?_O\-F0DB#UE&.M9W0M-BT
MV+38M%B[%E/+C7\'S+=&




(MO6E$=!V@\PNZ%+D;('IJ
Z\U[G\L787YYN1S'M^#QD86[ WQ0




*$KR
MXY


+%[%/HH\#!*'95KA@NGA( /[80I1Y
MP-?9HI1+$V6D[?
+ZGD%0[DFRGKTL;N^&%D_ W)J#@F7SC%L0]4Z;I[&-'IU
MZ:64@++.MX
^J&N!

M0^WOQ/-(%@34EO2M;I3$I?OT# JC7I=H8GG:]9V^\I_V1G3*J#4]5_80TDE.
M4+N9GL
PL VTBHJ6LQ ;R_RHQ%A&MNNX@^O#.4TJ!4FJ@E/P/BE(G+*78
M/L[]BGGEL).NR@ CD.(:05#
FB*$/A)8V*6P6Q+[_1;FB:GNC=XB /=XDR5


M.'09(]E@XV *%/IDZ$2@N-CQ@[L2C;5Y*]A2I+CQ$(?U$*DNB30*/'Z;

MNOV^
HB76NF^0B(UGXF9/H^AK2.X!JN \];A@ N1D]GH.3N_L!?-#K_/W=




BARBJ&#
MD%D6\P5&


MCVPIFK(3H1R;A6'L@:?8]H91Z30P*DV+38M-BTV+#8Q*N






6E
^<J'FWVO4-+7;3W4V?UN)&[GB/)O&RKZ0!_T=J!QEVKC
MG8&R!M&HTQTHVA(E!7LNLC.5F['7H %%4XKTO




*\WN<=-BTV+38M/B3KO'PE[IV767%^<7OC/#/R1FFF;3








$7NA/'==H&#K'-









MJSLY$5Q6!* 5@L8_ 
-ZA;G;<G]\=9UGC-FP<L+\NM6UZ_#;
MQA:X??A=:L_'C'PG__1MYP!;WQ&E8OO\SG1ZT75[K?F:N#Z6'U0D4^0]D


X6EGO?@\PBBI)_1[HT
M


=T+#HZS[WI_3^LW]N:;%IL6FQ:;%!GWU




J&+-?9!R4R5+
#C1$
;82S'4
ME.2^\B26B_



MQPWT'^=)F:^?OSS%&&_15P]A/D

_-;H
MDB%J73!\&%LT

;BZC@N+YH;U6T8%
0VY0.8
M9O6L46^L



GWTR^S!JVN

M]'3\%*=HV9?=8ZB*GDCY3GW)(%Y8)9T?::U)P%29E6HQ'DYY-.]X[K;4Q:K:



M\H;]CCY0NMOH9(KM8XBL)OK9R:_8+_J6K^C'4/J=QP60ZQ\=L*.$LE'Q1J
MK;/

MILO='OQ1%7 E198/ IR4CYP4=:3VD
*





OUG+ 9FSV9*J43&NR29D.U





EK9-D%*

Y;483!S+%

02+.!JZEEVR=J_K/NEV%LOW:?C1K*&


M^DKZU7:'Q(X?^$88O=]1RS)7V]EWY:7&@P/L#CBS_-#S]?+IS ;PZX$8Y+


M)'B5I(2XL-73N33*5MD?!AFC8#G2R&(&*&


R%*_(@$


MEE$9$@8/N&7


M$&
6PY),Z?.,S@P3#/A@$.S[[PV0+YQ/0 \@_NSH=QUU=*<0K&?
O

M2\JJ_:#(O9;23Q6+@

YLV
M&+24KK(\G2^4$.?G



MW\TC?Y

_*F#6;
P=


]T?#
MX4HG@WF^ 12

GBM[6D#TM]'T_@!A


ME\NH/#@MH[VVK+253

[9O;F.P6VYC







&!4.MTU)*:[WY/6 N+
#U70I0X.1^MZ828IVG'7

MR@%Y**!;:EZ



T_=G]S9Q?&CC





.;L6OS8



8R$J_IRK$3_2A$!LUOSL
M(



6\?R]<5CQ1OX(]4&[_74%0C=3L^7J[%06_RDJ9A MB8?TV7(<7 4CZBI?
M)=LS$7*LZZ5O@@EA@N5ATW0?



H _F(];03\#(7X'KA_WB.W? =?0RKYLD




4?E


MW@?())J\TBJZE89E\.6L!YV8YBUIZ[FAAG/EE4WRYMX:?8OB]IE7U6HI^:+
M3=V9V*7TU1I5?]+\1;]
TH\]G
]++.!$6I^KRZ

MZU3G?I/X%*XCL1(WL!1=D#


MI%459;0I.BW






G1\WH
MMKD;7W;FGO%$$PB?+\!#.KY!.S-'8TL^,SP#KM'#=_%CW0RM=T9I6%T&LF






3
M5X_5ZB)@@P=+L9IS?#NE:U05^9 UB9

MK5-? A:DDD131/Z





&MZ WG?8_1=^TT+30M-T(%9JK?[IM%_#8@M-
MWJRR%-8BR

0#K$J/*QSF9N9:+)Z
MAU:+6B3




NKHOQUX*$Q8+'4
MHC'@AH?&@!L#;I3_7'AH#%@LM3C#G?-LF6@@$]
+MTGB%HRQL1YAO$T P_%CJ,UH\1C$G7,J.9V,P'


M^'$QQR?W/0X:XG3[N3%.Y38FON?

)$%$(G6?8/<YL6FA::T+79^Q-U
MAA6$PEI,JE4ZPG#*T'0';]30%-.480VGUOLUUQ\%'R@Q]^%JL\OVQ?5&U(*9
M^9U!'+Q36I$Y6K1TO!@4UN*8X4]5S
)NM
EAEJ*3V$]#*=B*:-M;$;
Y?DN


%Y R;F0Q.6H:J:5Q-TM
MO.A(87[\C*D

3/V164C_]QI+X&Z1B4%B+P_2*W%(KAQ(K
M^BD$


M[09EH%W)\+?L 7^I^]*B'=V*3V!OZ;0(&U)K\#'= K-P@_6A.!CHQ!R/O







M\\:R ^B?=RWA&]#C QW!@/R!RM&6%?A?^%%1VYIR 5.





:P9&F-RA;] 8
M!W,U##? C,_KV +G_HKI-.(9XS!W!92RP K]ON68%9N$U8[DDV\9[I

&9D

MZ\$S/%OE4?C!7M?Z/Q2NG/*4*QOI&R=$B3O89=






RG$&++Y89
XAV*%JL<(3#6$
MK;R-F=#AW';
@






.CEXKNNB]^W)P).I)78%J=_(!*MV=KK!8='UY

M;RZ-K=1#$\6GL/*VHIQ!_7IABU#5IH VKKCT[62IK2DY1.H8FA8!0IPB$'A
M,;Q:N66L^H+4OMFW$(98,4!C+;6T%OFRKS?F4@]E%)_ZIM+8ROUT$3Q*:R^
MK5RF[\E4UUR*+2\7N


M$0'2_
6C-#Y/?6(=T/)\TZ4L=S=H018K!Q1 .1K06R. OGXP 2Q /=FNQ3\Z


M:F$9A1#R/L37YQ4G\$



MQ.


0]Z*TS#3B
M$GAJ\















?




V*X$Q&ZA]@=.!3G

M5K^U6M2OWL^MX#346&ACH;6U4+6QT


-XK3]

\+%O@[!QR'(W

MY3BX7F!PN[;MOO*(F'^7.



MHOAUX.$
JKUT%H;[62]8F


1'L PJXB:2&*L0\2D\AG=KL
4KFI000R7%I[#R1J.W=&WU
M9&_-#$?
%

MM5X0]M\GSK
%#U\Q1GT&040P6SB4_-JXGJ^]1^T-Y8-?K\,J4/+#NCUUE
MH/92I&])S^'Y*8_IN3#Q*G=OE8./XF7(E2W[\#'TRNU7^@W8&K
=A@KO:OF
M%K_H=?K%.-M

_H^*HBF]03%=
M6D?I/6@8K 5^]5R6KQ!_K&G\T^P;^;?K7=N$


I





+TQWR-8
M)^= .


[F1++0Q6]&RW'OF'D96/D




M\%U:.CN&.Z&8F?P*G/MHA,.0,QW4^J%R_U/%.R8AL\]D3?*OEE@EBJ/BJ7



462MV\_5
MK_5D'9BA;2PF-P\M#$-;JFQN*ON K
#7^!)

M


^;XZQM'9/?$5



ME[&-X8M1 6^

;AJ^'Z3S(#
<!V: (7%(5S0N+H0^T5
MOO8
-A;=%$'=0EM/C1FP1_WX6D$SKD;7IRX4OZ?TCW[QN?;TKJZ*JL9!0V]#









M5
^_:W+:1+ Q_/U7G
M/Z!\LO4X593^V6]294LVUF?U[%=EK*I\RDU!(82UB# Q442\^O?[I[!C21X
M)S@ 9VN32(XZ.GI[NE[,V$/Y08Q&;S_;GWQ'TTE
H@EP[0RJC1ZN4:TQCL
MB=E./.#7FTS ?(L'!
MAQR@^
G./?3[S?-K&+/)G7H!;%I. :18Q?YG9]%T0
M1;[M10&)'9R2ZWO1PV




X
M)8X_NPQ_@[
)(BRI@:U\Q
%U+G.
;[!3-^+&K6=QXXZ;U-([QWXGELW#]I%D

M8K;ZC 



MSXV90X99\
@2N8(SGPK$?@7ST


99S
MQE@F'H8ZC9N[6S1N0V]FFR48 8-N



5XUFTB=DV1-8@*-;:
S#
M9\[%GR=@4KBFS9S4JT3+9FQ)6

7V 66+BJZ?
?[ Q($2N)O0L
ML-D


0O
M9S;?

M
#$1X'4B2S@HEN6'M7QZZ8D(S.Q

M BE()%*1-))BB*\30T3(Q#4@GB

P=FS]QR9EQKM(








1LH

M.V*.\.!;6)-GCZ

MRG#L6#[F:??PX6?^3C 3ZD8F&4BX*?W)^=&_\I8 08_#Q)Q#6N\$TB$X3V

M

MDABRC)B;+'@T)H[W3/LC(A.%*1+;]I.

F!.






MJ]/.!]XV@T

M@/V.UG70[):;JSTV%


M^!'C/Q%SPV0^^B/1(DYTH?6PT5)N*I$D)7PBH;!T+4%.F3Y6H@%-IFV0!^LR


MB0$R'9XZ@-^\&U)S;\

MFSTEDS4(L-.3'


M'
D1:+)!4I[@SH&^
3(+
\T($=&0(Y$$?:68I3DFB!UQ&^#9/R6_I=R8C#3;









MN9[&?N.?34#R@ BNLX.W-AA0YLQ\1M[L:?1]*WG

EY4_
ML'-Z#'.\/.V^*I/A\W*QV'W#;!_\1^8*V=?
&?IY/=9\O$8B]B!COJK2VWO

MYD_
8AA'+2%:=1

WHO&E%/1^X&
_8GD^+N&]BV-


M ]=L92XPRHF K<IP<?%,.4_W&?/.Q
M[



M?/2]Z '5'42$R&'+S=ID#S[G(NN7]*(G^)X7H2UA\1F.\*/!BB8 )U(Y'P2D

-/W&6!ZA&\C8#[F.%(NK%AXROY-B7PALQT4GF?HW*@T*7DF:2



M





M%A- L

)_T)F0  .]XL

MC]#Y@IP2E_A.R5



;@=3
M/

K

.[_E WO-
KZA7UBGI%W?!.
J3@/.Z$[,'*=P_(3<GP(4Z$2Q
M?8-AZQ@S&Z)$MV):DB-;Z$F_O\_1.0,K7QM_/'*,%H0BZD7M80KGJV%0_;W




MI#4=^??#-+KDQ'%8X;UG#@7




MGZ

M

M9S5]D!D)C(T4;JDH


(FDS4E7E=@7&;5!B:(






M

L+U$%8\
=E71_V[\65' N.21
K+CW?_HO'*BCEGR



)


O=
M[2*]^S;I?T4IMZ5YQUN+BNU-ZN*5J=-YT&Y \Y^#(K.LO*+?-TA2<-&-ZTDU
M!UO94MYTI=DZEE<6!5/7ICX6O.?)$F\PEF.?7!!LMF89<TGW



Q_G8M[


M*W)XI\GPJGPFL6CF%]AI']@DE!^G_8I&J?:J(7EB[:25QT*2\G8S\^20RG@


MKU?$\D=7MM


M*R






MFU$XV40DW=6[?#DX6 Z^1#

M\I4X[H6)7RM&6:UH!HY_.#T2EKK3+X]Y FF56OPKPXA)N+7(+D(_ !9SQ-%T


N:Q[Y3=LF5_-2R40(\4*KA6J\;@:,PQ4Q45!%,7^A//C:NQ EG3


;U

7&KIUQ3) 

M^)9RW85Y__ZZ^7[:T-&1C6E^=FDH




M]I36AT.U+E-VZ'/KGAGQC/(:$^K742.B-BKA'ZOS(CS3$A-C#)B(.DW7
R
MT@2[3











M@&'[S7ZO\+ '@\XJ*MP*EK7[^ 8/2(+YS
/#* )V4$BN0]G6H4[R$-Q$,[


MC%V!QGYP]A

UKF]NT=\$]Q[-R8Y9-9R


M?_&IL;?U+ZR



)_(Q^2 V




!ZV#M?AM$]I1BBTE1&2 YN


M[#U=1O1SH:P1PXTK3D+DQ%(*L3AN^#0CX^0@T[*(

QI \@+$YF9
M'$P@U

;!.G 7ME

D7?6[QIA-V)
M=:;B)LII24?H
J7]:

_=8
MEQ#1S3_OHG' _Q-ABN
3_.M^/N




M7C)PUF(0S!9']*=X] 
SJ2T12=;[VYM?'6_



M?OGV[OVW))+V/Z+NR&C-7@QJ7;-2 FT3?SMGQ'*+R.)*7P0JA?1._;T)MN

MPD

U<DM[O9PU!CT1NK3]ZH@QT^^VSV\ROQ

' \U!+E9E#_OY:7=(!CJ_W?6ZTVHV^LWE.+BBE/'UYMV[CY]_S<B/;3VY

BT7'Y6T^^R-7($(D:;=?$J:5OWU-QF
UKQ\DG2U[D#S<E;?





6XKCU*KG?J^VLJXN;KB(.NBOU

MT1\H$C+4):
7!*'FG$IPCIINDMJX0D3-!YMZ?FC_I6K-A_HFDQH05K[2[76_
MU1BU%;%X#K5JSEE5H08]J@]A]3FF!UK L%U3CE'3_+^@DM![GUE\ROSO@4$\















XTD(J[
MV&31A@W88=9@;\AO!9%#-L,#[#C AQP/E-SX;1,'#']AQN/K[A#%8HL P!<X
M6'H7!OOLJ^RL<O2=!;A-^%7!D?C

ML9]X$.]0V!#7*6?&#9SH?0D.US,I6Z@86C&G%CR2CK%--BQ_&X)M/S'.[#
VJRW7

$9I$
MODN1%P65(34*/]6'L/(=O;JM1F^H2#UY+0K#U:!+]2'4G%
)SE'3L5(?YXDW





V8YXQ5$9

2!7)G' AJ^-0&:-YX?/?B=
MB1XB &+HV^
H]&3_&(?Y#]PP'YGMPC8\GP?4M)$_

 @-SGV*9Q



;&B##\!9CA


8N-


M7







M4BWL''G!&)D;1KL7U3SB^*C(M90XLIX?N6O
N!]$+ #;U.!/Z
\QA4?.-9CO
M




M+Z

MK0'9S4O4+W1D=+K#3J_5W03('3#8E\E=Z)G?OZ(&\97[=X_B7EIRJS0[5^W!




70LM6@W25!_RC//L-MM-+N*

Q&+0T7VN7E8K*ELA:


MS4:_ITA&




-6;



=6J#7VM Z:]QJ#3:;2ZR[TGE2
'G=V@H;]L9@5E:-!N

MZ#%ZFHLU%VLN+G^ W@YC\8IGZ_GV$Z@03SSSU9OP [-]]-;P_8?KM09ZN%YI
.%SV1JWS/?G
M.,N F%\]6V*QZ0(<3=4(^QA@M'M'TPO^'06A/9DORK_!];7F^#6:JXF\#5K

7]4726?:3]%O
Z51;VG_@3=XPBH5W9;2VW


FVV].N4NIBYR
M(^

FG8^X;G5;#V#@'7I42?
42GU;)TTUPGS@ MZWA

MY6J(LY.C^MFG6TN3\O)+3R4/2TT@'74:[:8B]3FUR/36G'2AG%0ES4(SD68B




MRYBQ$.LI%0P

0^OZ

/0CJX;7WR



I&NE2@RS5








M.UTZ6%TOOE/]]J R]=NCWC;UVSU=OJW\NW5IR






M

HQE'0;)4

M^
NK0OQUV(-F8+7(0C.PWH-F8
W FO@O90^:@=4BBPN
G*_&20=P8GG1N%[!


^?W+#'\


M0305?\NO;9APS/#+-SX!:OD3/0A7S1;\7_S8:E]U6J\
V_KYE7G5[K_Z92OZ


MXJYES&WNJ%B^JKX5I :$W1
5ZU^BR5(+#X

MJA$I4@



ML2G^_





=%









-'



MX_PA8^I9W+DV[I'HIB0]8[:0_&5F^PQDR-^*?/P^BTG17D?EJ\@[PU61 V85



5]DKLI



&;T6]K/!\%SQODQF!8
MGMQ0!




R#NO(
E.;\7BENM P)]QP!P%Q2WBNGAE_ZPVQVTF^UCHGB)







P\)[ID9R$\:M\6





P)N/BF9K9@CCP86TK]IFB
MG4@&&?,?X+)Z1(4#K4QIIR;VM6C?[#A@$&1,9318QO9A3'K?

5 271\





VMB&I].3CI$JM$ +^T1.
M[(RW)['B)0(LJ5!%KMRV#7N$C4]J2EB[];I3+0LEX_ V67P07[^;
=/!EY




M
_



YKHX;TRZ

L





M\+;\'?





MJ;;*?F&S5SR_-5
6%8_&^SC%6UN


T5X57KW
CF^Y'3+

MH\CQ@N
C/E7=*,KY7^5?0' %<

86/GH8V
/LMHRRD.^ZI$^\?G#FZQ2T$BB$6!D
MNEPXS4G)0TA@0Q$ZBD'TP8Z8PV.#



TNF


*1];K-)126

=&#^A$+.



F&(D3@R/U[7RZZ*7*'ST@O0!'RL&



M'C@ ](JJ0/[:GRZ&_*%$XXW9#UL5='7N# $)^#VD?F!;HKM9BX!'KY0]:'

MRA?0X(093%GS\OA%UC3/-D:
R[CB2B

M_A3_3#*QL'CH6=XDHC*+
M6IBQ5Z8+AO8I?KA\0O*!M:YNZ29^9/L62)G#9Q
M4ZE2&C[=S/Q\# 3@\;WHX;&



MWV_5_1]8/I.Z297L$:F7G9RDRF./LSYG
N.R/;L?4Q35LKFA2(4/V]J__@+H


0Y&ENNL$0


PX.18[X4()1BB@%0A.E


MF.3.X?VQ@0_A5P%?^4'6T@88W96U9NF-2G=H 8J@XAJ
*VU#)87':X1&Y;(C
M:E Y[:\++X

M(X


ICPWWQW&7L<PK-Z[N'B!PI8*D&MJA;_-
M=CF#[XI%E!V&&'\H\4::SS T/N(UW^D$4+GR'S)PLP^2\%'==O0.=$C#.%O
$&V00V7Z=/7QOUA
M.QSG$

D@)&F7+ LM1%J(M!!I(=)M(]=!@V
MG71TQ1]8UY+]MO75<^KB+*S<V;DD@3?P-\\Q=WW;=US;,Z[]* X3RC!?ZIO



L&Z0=Q4N*L*MT2VL4\(


MTD09K32U\







M%/6JMDX1E[K^
AN9%O8M$O9[VD:4SK&T:Y&NEMPA]'R$S$J!BH@PGW(=4V3S
M'0IG3$

1M
M**#:% 9G\YEPNJ%.X8J$2V


MDK[BB(3B 8AA&I7[XR;2@/4W+CA$9T8IR#!2NFCPZ@^H0:=I=B2_DAF@ZP
M^Z)A+'WJJ\OKQQT$I([ZKD3-Z:F;OJX9.T;8/Z=#3870A9@/.06_@(@4X_


IM:FF(LMXYCDA_R;M XRXC(+!(
-S6R-X@5




//B4R2&.7[.37DR#G3(9]5+S-8I)K[S+'7;%XZ8NO$
WLM_(



M24&?/!N$YLYY#-#+Q@Y]^






+&MP'Y*!+UZ



M)!\C(1_PH[16QS:/H6'F5NK$17DO[L3@(H:WJ8LRG

M7U N#+Z 3Q=M#-#



M!B0T+?3Z-

/CY
M-'2]FGFMJ.9J8;-!:7943=QFMCK=06LP&.3&L)+.U-[A%CD(;_4.;YGCV5'D



Z;DZO_LD8X+G=]\;\+[KB/W%V23@GGC

C9\=AO?(X5:X
B]?


]'Y(\T
M*)&WN25&4TML

#5


MBI2C+A&BA+^097='S/-X?
IU




MZS:9YSZX I]_R'*ER



M^R*%?Z2TV]HBY&;1L#W/PKPB?3H_M'.P_&=@R
P;KQC[C=(T7 SE!L+




YA+)UE;S1JWF


=A'0A+#X6J59LKGDA_SEVB3:K*@5MU1

M%(-F.0F@1L;:







MP+6
I[ ^D$ Z0B#)*D_SH-/LYW$0Q+!]




@?[@41/L

M&(7SV8OH
\']: R^SPVF2 $J\$P[SM.ISXC%MHN/5
%8T.OR*?$ZB7 :
./2

M&
_)
UY*6'$B$[H/


^]V'Y$8WEX/=+=&_*NDJ@X4X$

M?S^Y.^'I






 L L'/V-


MW)'5W &35O-;H^;[[U?SW #' KT21LKK_L6I6\)IX:%[_G:1Q16Y8'Q@: 8A
M5RL2N=:BF37TN88^W\WMJ:E2CU?VIUP#C4*H


M?]K9T
[&;FKSQ@XF!Z\D.2XX6:P'

M) 6?D^J]JKB[.L:$Z

3P EBE&UC'
+TN
3^PHMGXM-AJ_'5#7*YVQ@+5ZPYW



=_7KDF'VKVSOK64=&

M\*(^B$

.3AU7(\PH[;0EY!JA?K)[Z\8+.
M84

J/


%8
M*E?PU5


M2M*7PJ1J3X9]C=^BQNQ1YIU2K](ZM@?)QT7:6T^VY

M+)Q1I;#R

M#OKP6T*L3 C:9]4LL^; ?Z=20?3

MJZ



9Y?RW16%@O+
MK-S&CD$BSE NWC.1KT'





(:W%MSTVNIM1T8OX;9
K





M

MM2DDX$.46L89/NDD*I+0!X7Q6?/02Q2YTD.-4H)
&[!_$&$WMJ!UN-Q&5U



\+GAD_Z^7801CJFB9@
M)-I1'0??16K:*0Z;(S'9:'#[[JBR595-)GBW#,%3.&+'[&0^@]M=G-=N/'

M4Q-1^?[!!8YK*YCIE$(.EX0#R=PZ

Q /OXZH=FY(/]:KV0[04-)VP@'M
M%_

YC4DC)=#.5 G4%4A)6#6X$%V.W..[A@1
6Y@ *'Q?6I\83[J4./W
M


TK+8;

5'O^3




M.:


^

Y';O8[\2)


[\1XP0O*D'MO\T :GK6[OK&7V\X
K1!.N22?X0J))C7)N+U.R



+=6?P%4ZV4T$M)QD$]

+O=5OOTK#S@4'N0H=MOF;U.Z[2;
M#Q

M\I8]

)I)VM

0^\[Y!7R;M^!$_P7CV)FTN5Q6_GCG^SP[CO_DBD

6.16@[4LJ]0J

3/4SLD/L3+@RF]
M&Q8RW9$6I0O
U85G'5?9WPE


WUSJPCLI<<5,4=US


W#_>[;DP!V#K ,87V
M6HC
E^AGW_5^/8IA]SKZ^+XWOTZE@=FMHI+5Z5A]

]J:Z(.@GZB?J)^HG[MT3%S6YVJI6





QC*
MZ&GUN.$F)X''@JD_QB/=EO'H1IC.Y@!ED4RARV2\\

M@._C

63Q
U9;T!TYIHKG2-+*

MCCQ]0?6-UWZ)9U[IVE6YG_VV61U3
/MMJ]W.AKWJT.8GQLY'([HZ\_7?%@@Y

?1N3^Z1340?4MBU)@R*+HJS4X'
ME=&83J][VNDH UST[L(H246QT3D/;']-$+7WV_@.PZ+*39] ASOPM$O72W@C
MS'?P;*]MJLO_
@P]]Y@'8H]^&[3;IYVVRK5O&^)FIMG+IODZ/[7-L\II]JW3


M/N+/'_'(W%]/)O];2# '

2O_
M5+C?!CM#!.2*@SX/'4-D69GR/CMT7IF N.(CFC#'\E'R=MPCRT83_'HT/K:Z
M9GYX\*CTHG;%9




M*W#RF.32Y$QVS^TR#]% 1PG07&G6B%
F(3^.O$.=OA\Y?#9P4Y1.[R8N


88VZ
T4F4(T&)[O
MTS(^G(FWN[XQ=B.







M^Z&
K)4PFD4^1L:/LF;60IUCM



M)86&/W2MUJG9%5W)TI]0/AX8!2)3*L



MJ:
3.^8



MM-6;WW1)6V
G.WPI5T@@'5$ 8HYB5BFO*!4^'0W AC5 CAR0L45063+93830

C^&_^+7_+?'_._\5=ESUSP#K MV

M@E?Z G'%S]_O+M_[AF
P!(X74&WD8N:P^[WI*_)!/]09C^N.HXZ8Z/BYZH





M_2@.$YP[$HTX^S-0



M&=.8




L;BP&GN9H%:<



M&RRR02!D]:-FGVUG']-:D7W46S;(/F?'5A7[Z%+ 72L%? .;X?IOBLT0[2#=


MDFI:*K93*G3U
MN-ZN5M9Z7]UXI:[;R55ZSC]IGZ49?&;7MI'*W3BARDWK)^




MU)LV8I7JB@24DG]W1&##2M
W)




G(=KO)$AEM1%-1;-B *'?7C0;#QSG%
9W6.Z6R*


M^-UN\X4Z*YEP4YQ;75S@@E:UX?Z





M4:O=L3CV]J!UTHI

M)


MV/875-7!KJ@:BWLI0NJ#ED2=$&5+JC2DJ +JG1!U?Y*@BZHVHNJEJXQO7=


M$\\ Z[)Z5F




T!/D+$XP^B

MF

8E1C



2P


/H)()M3 C5D)73Y0G
M\!P^RU%X@</Q# ,PT3-^9[E+V6GCDU0V3BRU,E@4(7['BNI#R4*@H;SPAY
M<T<\9G4(2I06!%*F.M@KJ21)6HBT2-J(EFB(!(*V 6\1(8_.PH+LU5)!4P(
M%6/;2F#RM@:K:2./WWZ=1+1P;R?49F@8^O7;:\PG


VWH'4HR.&@A4



M))_%3SV/T+D;/8*'PEWZ''OBCWAN2 ?J
V*6T+7:S3KRF.MAYA- 6\:9EPTL
M&)Y_'0FWV8Q]HW\[:/8.?+BXRAJ#_$HN^QI(L'.;BA?3EA^'7'H: ='6O]T
M=2SDM%4'2*S D5;IJ5(VGK=5D@()3W6R6.XK4Y PF%ST

S5;N+%J


M2$






B#B

_JW@




R;CU=J&YGJSNFRJ#GE)+_DA9CD

M
.5:
K+:

M ;)BFYKL?:(.D8W#&)G@9TP%OT.WZ)DY1X29+\@)L+G$2'26/ O48]SRYG79

ZT




9
MQW\%XA%^T3?*50WK


79;HH-/6Y:WK




M!EPV$D 7B/1$) =H;6+9V
T#;\+/IAU$-M\%V.I$T@4_=?BS)?RRKC)X/WXV
M?R*&YJ%#4AW






M

MP%)R8M'HBMX!0@WNUMT.9)HPT@61DC
)Y:6^!P6)+T=OW/Z
/(_0N2N?14\H
M& DENGX1S[ 3?K5;H
9S^.S?$\MB6-2YG\OA%5!_ZF9RUD3*VLB@:(F_CAK6
M)8XC-J9?1SX+\

P$HC0P?%(F?+%T*9F.K&R@1

^H;;X

MF






7D


EO76TDCA!)E-1C.D?


M%DV]$]N68/(4

MW1S6U-F765FLNU
75B%HFR#G*4ZFC7)5IW%F;JATX]J[VMU7ZLE5HO.L;J4U



7Z:KM


+9UZYC;76U]S.\\&5JF1GD!)U






1KG5
^F(S=O9X+6NL

MGBYP)'-!VIS%2O5M3+Y-^W:)FTXO)[\Y+@RD
('G#G$?L^N VOF$GOP2UI:H

MB5



9[O]X9NM?H]F
4]8=KW;O[J(


R*2]A03
6


^YRSEL6
/3)  0
M*6E^-)T1)K0<'$R(N*9&%;B[ID_4 *[ER7ZQY?_%NR&I%J4SZA@/#G*E/PH


0UM,$#YSG.Z-,IP/*:&&$=YA
J
M3F?:?U1&A%7K^S7& .Y
4*4&DR]W
YI)^(IJ;M8](&47:!OP3/ ;IKR@_?LK

MXRE-]ZPJLZ 
/ESRO5AY6(*NVD@&]L'M$$!2LJ*D([\_2TF6*P-(NY(S30+%

!8VV&!I';2
M

)P5JBD&
MLIA.RSXCEM/IO/U8+=VU##;NAUAQ T([?$ ;(87KZS)#H6_CA^X12H6BWD$O
MWO

.@78
0!SN2





M6/V^\?M6F=J[H^';B)6!FB@G=U1&^O984J14WT=*:@-'?Q61TLJ-2)9$Z4
L
XZ]V=WOK^;B'7?+:U/V-BLE+<E<Y+]\X3VY9FJHE 3PUJ:+
M$!=55KD4YD-Y=F($S_%$&UW;$M$,#QP(+\84AH W& R+$_9B+6R(2L&2Y

2X?(5%*:I]F=

M&SJO+@L+M1Q#0=I\S\[C79;*.[S2K(H 'LCRZ@Y%?2$36S]5?2$#FZKG7) X

MO:#BAL54'C)!X_R8C+@I7N.D?RTBM %(BQR/


V

I65;XJ3) TRU1YV.%3[0.

M8PME +9UGN
[S_ACINR2#6L4I

4E[#3!NB+(6D1
3Z@-FA


.&1=TQN7
ADD1-^^S:U:O^ 6/E$3G&)&+-




MJ&HPF7R^$*&:Z



M[1CX2SHFXW #


.$*

R6
M^2%*]1-+T:QZ/.S1]O'XFW9;9^O^.]YU^2SVV=#1HY#2 T4(0K+C?*C3.:B
M*_JZ3K)^MD=VZDC2)


M-YPM
T!-7H]2V-.[#U(@#XUH5?CA*?*HI55$2!3L@_8+@@^RK )/O*%J52

C#9L7=O!MI@SP\(I.C(#8ME&N%99^ZS.S=5&83MF3)DYV]]
M6\?;2ON/N

4T.VJW085L.9+
MHY/O98)IL5$X_9&



MQ0#=?? MK
8590[78!(QBS/1H!YL]B0F








K?WZ]N7@]%UE1OD^SV?M5F_=Q

S.X)







MC


FI

M



YK&\3\4=2A[-8ZEV/)(R$Z_!('/-?$QG#FQ;
MT5S&N$X2L9*J7(IX2N:

S@D3!Y
 4XJ_











M@07AU\LI5S$0)ET\\)[DOKPHQ#=?%\W7F(CJAKZ%;B6^VIJ/%H!_9N1 :/-




MT]$)[I\(DOIUPZ&G84DUK0

$3_






(ROSR0*. LP(M$JCM1
2\.(SX#D428-0SB4
MT4;'M%L.Z+CUEK5(C:A*E.ZO;E_E@07%F/*TZ-:KT6X!J[@65NY^%V80QK


'

;IJ@3L


MN%S'A'Q2M:/O)$; .Z6DIF74/TAW7!D%PLC/1:QK&W5 91-1R5T/Y=H+LR

=L?D?/



MBSB*GF

G53 -J*UWT5N*=;2T1B&^?H=I:S]B,'EA YCR^=




W5Y2=
^O52*(.(7QY=YW&A*XFA:-2' 
]T

'
NU=QW78=C*V]1Z'C70
MA+8TH5CX^[=T[G.##4W\:JET)H;C4)8_R1?J%H3JM9@IL$/ (+_)1?XX\ ?
M!_[X#=:-@%NU/4H3

\7Y+)5C
Z1^4

&'A !#QC
M@F 6!+/@L

+!98* /^;$+
M?JFO^\U**UN@L;-C_5\C@]


C
M&!_!^ C&1S ^@O$Q?()CRJ3'_/DUXAO[L(R).-;T(SA&/SHU623G6RCAG]

M]TE3MLMRC('%OTI**IYV]

1^V!Y!7


AV+W.5EAHYIE#N6[WK^R/9RNQ?=EMD


MS)3+&/^;C'\[823-2ODO):;6'NYAG
6L$-\%OR:LOE$!]GJ O3S6T_R\K5)J
MLNZ



















FELK^I%;#TY4R*




D4F)MS0+CN

4UYFV14QM]M2X/J!W'


7MD^2I)I5N9B^5SK+





MG0*BP SKY ?
5S&]=8J*]JUI6GH0FXI/IRB7Y-%-QK\=DR)Y%&?(-ZUA#NUV
M


X8])DD=?3O;QO8'D502ZO(E# 
NSM

_*R'(F;S@

M$B/6M@V1&F\]HW47FQ$;Z$+QP-_=#F28OP&EDWR(K:F3V[PG^

NZ&:%!_]:


MYO5?Y4_99K.
XGJW[!C0W
_#W(8T]RESIZ#FG9-J_Q 3JTGL^?^JU]IJUY]
M2\+NGDG^1#X+-?&Q




++&_$]U=M?N@U_ $&#. ;9*NSH:WY: $@H'H#\1Z(]T\!^)]?
2[

M





R)VKW+3?YIIP]X1@9^

ME)5WA


P'P %2:GE9N=H
M6C\PBQ%PP%S9K


UR(K4+6V=P_AALPK

AA*7)



FAW

MH7BQ*&.=



2
MS[
RSC=:


2ECRF:ZI?\&UI*^\2B%]Z_/K3RIV@.QL8W?M'<]H6C0

M*. LP(A$J_]2



MYP15PG&/N0= ^+BSD%NCJ*Z!99\9-/H)@^+



MMGE=



A82
U]7N^/%B]R^ZSCC 3RD.<2YK
&Z+ X= ;JMJNVYB-.\3D
M/Z_F9E=!!92AZN!6SC#+H-@@RLRO2QZXP&7*VV;OW-5],=C]=6@3?#;#8F
MKJGHN*;U8^":KFBF_NZAW:7E5*QN2C2[E+JSC7' ':M@A$E_Z96L&4NN9C

M!HC70)=Z

M8XP/%I8PTK1/&Z)]I#F@%@SL2#- N[B(1I8%VH

M+
[^0H_'EM@Y0 S\*'
_;0)]QY;]:18]-;;L3[




+3]7Q=PX
M?;8'YX+XM+[$

3?X)JJ?;F1J


^E#;!
; _
^#/6=$4[8ZW
\IFY)
7K7
+YJS&QT\

DA-/&C=#\062P&EG7:WD1O&@[G?U+$/SMP=]N
MY6]'Y-




'F[D7FSF8D





M9I(?LO+7B%?WG/Q9R5_)';A[&(3!D([)2&/).I&/QXQ^(^R4Q#EAZLL
U*UZ



M%S32^LI6?8@@CK?EI/!:U]M
3WTR5$5Y+2Q#L0^)_:M1-O/N/0E]47!QD-;E

M/24E83.A6NV):02Q\U.&G(*5.*?QHD_(QJ/V#K&VX-8?N/S3^KM.S;XSLW%Z

ZF]%BOVSAC3!#
ID\3F^$%I0]D4F:

!5GGX69O5)/
_*.+_
$[7FV-*T!V&$0IH0


M%OK&/H2O9.6N50&6N[,TS7U$'G29,R1=-_0.%+%FQAV1PAP^4$L;]BUAMDX
MB&^P5RQ[R,2I*G]K\AHU_?Q VEE.ZN]*W=WT.NB)I+&6=[(K326[0?P#;+U
M3LNVYJ


M]B.&8**TA&A\%QBUU'M; AAA*QA=:@IMX 17]L.2(WWFO&FD4 . \?O$!!





MZ0+!_H8$;/



MO'R&7.:WIR7'BNP:+IN_0MY)E8.K:^M6MO98$';NO8OK+&(S@23/ZXYY+K
M-%S$EJX]WM'3\7Y(S4JF(2J]A[*D.0QYU?36HW0)GVH&XY*: 1YM3OK8.TU

TP
MP$GY6JCYAHPNZ
?\);9KG.@B?\Q!PO0L=#$_YD!A:CFZ0!]#H'J]%%W(CL5Z



M12K_=_9GE3W%N5QJD_(D9FPAYK;VMJDH*).^6* MG8CBBV$DYC+%M_[_V??5

=*R
M8?4UK(\*J'-A(&3U[B+^G==GD1![=]=1@#;IZ@
8$^M33#GY76AS\IBX*K:_

M]VV)]O5]*(HQ5XG-;?E%)]+K9;D8NFDE2&O3W JQ6MN_@[X3)^406CN947









MD^:N8*:/28




+#*M;V
. 88
 E^
;;)XG-VMX09_=S
MS%+PRFH? 0-
Z2P%(]IMC$!X\8_U[U:Q'[LQ4V*3.B:%.-OA^YOQ@ @F0=K


!75Q+

UOV-P\'LMFWVDN^M[DO&_T
MYK/1SJ&/98.WQ=Y&!8YER[?%KWGAWN]HI4O55#2 ^\^-AL-P1ZM*JH.ZHU4A
MIABY7JG;R^:;A%*W\G%-;#T5O(Y
U%T!HVX8;C U#%G@Y=7T1GQEA?JFTJ8V

A]-54






M62F23I:^O2^5]


MY7YQ79T^4 ?=_FZ&KK\+E-QM\T8(U1YD=)N\$2XC!RRZ(\ (ZI#W\+D[(XP@


MT!JP35@I/E71&KY)% :ZX[G+







E(L#ZJ
C
MH]\
+:J14G##6$\CX^S
M?FQ

R7@NIBE+/FNA;^Z@<O%K82Z%JO]TL9M_4=:-;
MVGLI?OQBB8A]\NQ[DE<R4'=]29D2#;RKIY^O0D'7F=OTG7$O
H!0 C44*&
M C44J*% #05JR!MW M%*1\H+F6M(Z.(^C*:1LH= 0V2D9)!Y@:*%U+HZ&/$



Z3^H.

MQK^=


M@- R43 K'J(YS;




X





8$
B:0
8&
Z3UYO.5L'1GY8JK/

Z6W'0!#K2YB=&B$.J&

MZE]P+2VL;SQ*X1$0VL&]@
F]$ CP0R#  V?L J/V**-FY\9H.?'V\]SQJVMG


-A

9

M $UW^;MOD/)C.6=$?#XE8827AA!UW4?

M@:P/9'T@ZT=$UAN:
6-GX(U




<+VT5@


SEU7Z+N5I7\5Z':DJ4C?UMB$V0 +]
%$H ^^J^
')_DA

ZHI\Q#T821EF

MF]&3D!P?'4P4/


M--(Q$]F-IU%L1ISF61K+Q

MOZU[T4]B_C@I4OF_LS\K\;WE0BP^*4]BQA;B=-;ED1CU]0!M^XEI42B:^1!8


(TK[:Y5S?U(#B-YB:KVGI7NPO




*76T#


=+/I!1ZZF%0@

M ](


M8;1DYY?:PDBA2RSH_G+[08SEHF+[ H@4RW#-L$M $A_H88(BRT$*H;N$PA
MZ8[4#B,6!:C'R#HH=Q:4B_1D5#06'2H[N'64

M2P
$%     @ B(.12B/]U64!;0  U04& !4   !P;'-B+3(P
38Q
C
Q7VQA




MW;PGG^[.R)O7I]^?O/[VA/_OR7_\6Q*GO_T(_W



MQI[^\








M%OJ] B/0E#


MA\A

M^Q+#/FH0;#
28$'N&*GQ(#4BI
2$E*BX9RK-36 3*#N1T?(*QDGKI_@AC5=Q



!'E.Q2#3H)@E(-1F#AE
M\;]4'*
:O3XSPUR$K?9L?^T31Z5#P








M_V7Y8K$[C_
P8?DVHV

0@?:4M;S

MHC-7 H=_^4
I@''NL2G[BBSA*@BJC=K^7S RC9[=:NC4*!;^HJH:D6O_=G[B
MAM]8[3@LS=UR[4H+
ZX3Z3F5_[U
EZ7/[T8BN4PC_IML2Z.K
@[B.%W9S&1H
M]QL&J*O








56]

MLY/LT;IF'


M4U



8/W;.Z:/:0]W1[\
JN1E
MFC2SQA[+^[S(^+5=CTT.OS+++M7L7MF&_%JAX3:Q19?RXYS434['5:PAZ7U7



MEAA9=4T7A$A+%$\$CJ1!DD@L%V2O
4J)Z(( JD3B2E3(8TD/&&)Z9F?'W&J5






M LEV.JLVV@E+E\#) @ @ORG@:  SR+^.5
U+8P$[1V;.P]!GR7KINPECY#




1T+U#+






^O 7I*E!7Y5B_U)DZXP2
MPY+




ZW#)JYSBH%8(0$=PAB@

9WQ\Z:KDCG]+ZS=I7.=YCJ
M52KS.\BWD3B YHY*+ C_9ZMK%(GH/4W!2:8C1!:7BLYU*RS0H44C+20(8-
M[R5.41'=F\D7V=Y

MD.M B

WLLKC[1V'LZ^/9'
0T

MC#EL]J?WYZK9Q\.

M/5M
PH^D:C'M#39E

*ONSG-GCRQT@@UARR+#A)-K4N_A6RVZ]7[


6


D# -;V)AA; 
Z=(%.2

1/-N



MN@RL]FB0-3382&P]W.HUV(XAZ3W/LZ5N_.1AGPD)!Y,/!L&Y[1\5G3=M8E



M#1 ]NHJSO.#_F\-LXM%FQ:#
D!OW


M(X5
AF9O@^-Q5,< O 737&(B9E8B@GK
MFYR7=$NC;5@5AH#7W!/.I&M1D+H-7A0CL/9);U\MI@5,4P@=T*7MV-1#03
MDR?$99H7F3B7\AN6Q.&N1_:TOD6*GQ(,Z^Z9IO^6[#57GJ0M1!9$HD)^+?_K
MNZ2TWN9T]:=1I_@LG!C257O+3_<L!MM$#%L^!UDT5*%@VF0V AAZ@7KV5XQ@
M9]!189P.ACT4$K\%:34S5.)P'%!%.CA(])CG)M5(SX4M\;32=;JJB65E?S?

C]B^$\2KT
8K+E.B30BW?4'(E(.4




#
=Z!WJF=7;_[X&/NN$;6POF#L^!@\-.@.?W
M&D  +O%$83FV+NAC+

=#]'%[M0 V._\D4+#R(1F9VS2'M/



%$V'*#?%4GMS780Q2Q:07#




I_NP:WM=G$#&?
M)&



9WQE


M +9EKP611!(D1LQL+ 054B71('4.^ZOV KU*E08S




MR [!QGRB-WQ3A]N[39C):&+I($0G?N2.S
DJ(5*8JS5B1& VMQC9*1LYF@6I








MH11_+T3: LHF;9%%



BA


F\T2Y?YNQWVAV3H.$9OT7H_Y1
M&!D_GLVV9$N(1(+$7WI
((YG^7NYB$@N(@A%%68&N=./0;(Z? 6OO)LY+8I$




M-[@(XDS4L-1R]NM


MHOF=!70M#*OK]4L?@2BG!I5!


G



0ZNS28FE185N$O\2
5@J3$
M4/X=SGF!)#(HPADU)G1FWZL2\UR1H2H5(T
92IM&V#=[28EE B)7%^#(BL#.
M*9\@A4E4)B&*\
^_U#$5$=22X!



M+WDH2(YG1K;3[;7GK[.?;WJMO.6]_PV%X1]-Q[]97'75 UG,J2^BD#[7


5]F3:VV






ZL
MD=FMMQ]MP!




;:$F&Q.4QV)]X[%QFG


L^@F

MO'C*@19%:16O NZV\@FE^0TTJ
Y7.\+ND_A! (+29G.H;(82U&Z+06=C+*BG
MZ]45?0B2TIS:$-1E2Z!D% 5]YW&)*84U2 P;]IJ$LCLFMXW0;U%I26!=0@








'+WITLKKR0O




D73N/J/


M;3%XAB_S

!A6H/WQU!-[$(C;@SK(ZT+KLB9[6C?*J)Y!=N25





/_2L%6%/U

M9E;GW-

7UG&QCZU$L;O2];$;TB%BFQT;4S@

ML&4#K5^&5+_!R

M?
501#5L[^GZ^*QY]GS[\XP[\5Z4ZVX^_CH]+YU%W]S=(^6_/+WAY!TX1/H&

MZSFB6?P4 EIO9UM#45.





 HZS ]



MBN;7IH0]-ST1X];JMH#15S)O$+ 3#XUQ#JJ_Y6EM(R!X?_@H I^6!7BEB5K
M&A0L_$T\4/*!)X]!LH)Q0=6=QW,+M#Y)Z^I_-KA%;A.3/P8)S6_I$TVW]?&
MHORGC.6':D5M

CWZ3'ZIRRBM@TU:KX*W-(V@





!:8^F[%U_2#7E=('N#3KJ8(K


$O8
V/5Y.U4^




M!^#*@!G'!&/$V%@?XD8CT5@0D20A





M$\O!=*X:C0' !3E]_7KQ6OY_51PEV!:/+ -7\ (ZA/._O#Z%!.DRP?O[UXL?

MB)V$[M:+_=3SS%3+^NQ29:SC+TPQ5S.S%P9KCG%LKQ0K*\/T.=M;7NE&;'8
MA]QT\-&0[/21$



\)%:_L::1P]]?Y

M*6^HK+(^;J2

KC8FX'Q)0M9;WQ:T4_!3$Z17+\^L4JKL!
MID$*P9U7-

M2Z-S?IYU1/&


M$[+
%)WI1BYVVJ?-HA!;/_Z!$0O&983]D2$SKR![!8KW&AIS;47T3W4;.Z





)&PX/!-#@&<7(<S66;
M!21 (B$2 =+Y2=%/0*9$%?L

MZ=+-/@_]S))M6@295/#]S-
S#LTU!_

H7L
\8O-$G^

AX-*/TS.N(80#ZR6\ GE3PB43 $^N
D9EIT\YY






+:SR5(!#TWMZC(X

DP_^Q;(.5MS4ZC7\MC_
]KB
MD-

)/UVQB (]66




M&-XFUS$S4%V\V-WP/2V6:009PQM1S$BI
9CNY^C(&C4P]H-M)!X+(C 1[J :




\N: ;U^



MS+0AQD^$Y$5]@-:K@5:M

MNH=$;EGEEH8T?H**ISGP^&#9@
&Q2(;IG-.5^[\3.

BFZ_J&BS/SX(LVZU8]AQDT6@3F=X/)E?-.)S8
M?86




E&U!BK?_F?





=XU^@0SY[


M776

.K7YGH19CM'1]CHI$*(W$


MB #JH

W'


)P7=EAK=!ZKLWA/T$;
M'!HM2(40*3$B-4JDA1,!I,BKO],@\Q../I-MZ;2JYH':#&O*#5IT2M^8K23G
MQKYK%9&[*8O(E?#]&GIJ!!\O)#=7LV^\@J'R=T:-.8?UY41P5RM+:P.\5ZS

B_F9*B.U&[4I+%KL6N;QH/*?6@H6KB.I[1_





W7])^*SLV0_[=A6*5#+6V
?
MM:YYXQ]

HD+N[4\Z




ARLJ&9
M+


MV]44-K-_NYK
.ZX[/

MPNK
KPU1\^F
MBF'^:(?N++QWZOC


K:DF].%P380UC@PNK._ZAF]P$W.#T=
MN[;X90F[WRB;EQ%.
Y.XF7^BR[;'F)@7$/P!L9EFA?9%I#_E 9KEA50PWB
MXR&8N?=-2/$[]*/0R/SN7H5&$
$]QE?'?I=J$9C05J(D+DL;\IEX(KF.8F4
M%F+MB4M53!B:?\KWF4^:0






F\6
MUX%P=+46



M_27[6+TXY\@^^E[O[5


8\P/(MJPX:K86C77I:*_]F=
PM1O@)&4%*I3$Z&(00<K[*VIAX]F685S



6)



MN(\N


M;


MN+Z:]N$S^ZMI'^).[V3FJ&?I/73D.;2LM

49=IDLQ?*-]5G%)N
M3LJ
985 OL[Q!L+X]N9U=23U(C UCF_B:B9'\0GXH.Q5EN






M'VAQO;H+/O



%[%-!H\?4?'3^2DHWG=
5







%RY$3 3V16


\[/RO1V[*.@6?P40*1YW


QU
[9
 *N-^W)B4Z=[+;&/%\L=AERK7R%FX)MW'^V\#S

M_Q'7--XX+^MPW06?90SM

MM(A'8K21LYC2;\/0G

MS7?

M12*ORD@




A[]B-XS
MKRMAZ44 (RL&5X


MP$KP5BP\8Y;0R:L2OI\TLC%F.;(M1^CF\]+89/







M5L2VM6L3BZHJ2C=96S(VSE!
GX!STO\CY5/4/[6B]5V54QE7^)[+JVCL@[*6
M]Q]!/8S?8-$5U0^ML*6; BP*3.FS'(OR#B@SI/?DD*HPJ.@C=KT2GFR5#A1]



:

M1M$G:0__B(7N!=QA,KKN*4;_E?1?2=.5RQ;RVX]&YH5_&R&B,VD9QRSHS(

?NJ'V4]-
3L:?XO
'I!5G.7%[+C]

MLS$


M



M_//-Z=__\O[TF_
_DVS?E\S_R3*X

M3)SB

M*U$


J#[BM9Y?N9V[XJB1]O.U.@C%OVY3=-3LK'

=;684IUSQ%30*9?.Z:0
;E
M22V3

L
+_%KEM2I#2_7IV)
M!*2QIA3]0]%M*8ZGM*[R!3 20A)(G


MVMT&!175!/-]G J$Q@I13H$R$^3N&



]=F5$;5_;^80P;
LO3%_'?'&V%T')G[UP F@
M6-_=\CIPG66Y69OM(+1


P2;D1


P13II-;5O^)IAR;9)E&RV@=I['(

ON972#$8F=VV4)3@19)'T$* I5YX2I76#$G B7$N929)?EZ'/@S&

MHT=XT)^6YU))OMI58Y]

M'F[$7=I


N%!'TC(WH!LX%=B1#3HG3CB%?Z!:.;
M;&[E8AF&@():S.7P8*14=$]J6R@JJ'7$I;A[AF$&V;74IT=CA
A



M^

-5'33NYZH^PKGE
MJIN




M\B




^)3C2
MPL/.T*!MDR?8)[R#-_3 #P[P._Q
7CIY3=0_
BB%.Y3#?;(K^E0!*^ N$P
MX?_BBXC3A[=!'N?5VG:5!



 @:RU5HK
@$J$3@9$7*=/E

-_D(ZKWLNV[@03RE6J 7(60JR
W?L#ECZW5<E&FMHP5=$3
8-&UZ(/FT;7I0


'47.0NV


1#/DT8RN


+W-K-FE_E5B1&BVBMFZ'!M@H7XY88&J$

I]F%& 80K457!!?5(8V6-Z.?[


(I7G^H\;R; 6QX3F0F:/R;
27



CQZNO71GM5ZQ766=M
M-EW-XH?'(A?6Q$8B

M +M

R5Z.
X-B43+
MB+SI=;#MOT#L3DA1Q-:SP=I(Y('JPW96Z&Q*LDV'2W(RL Q

BJW[G5(V ZGR+E
M106$;?;_A=[G'+:?UJ(Z)&93Z.;I'&B5D@E*KH^$)8CT=J7K+$0=9N@IIX

^E;Y]5)NDZ/JSM



!DG/M.FJ.


S)Z

NTR29MZKO';G]M2.\A[


NU(



M/C78=02
]9J9'.;)B@

W$SKM-!X2\SNA(/L5?O77B4
MJO
Y NYHMD:H_O9G%E0^3.]



M^@Y!Z*$M4R.8/^


M$K-C:_3^


CW


RM=UR-3B^.*Q'?N$Y
MIT\T82)58KA&M-(W2%X=G-N^:22!RVK1#7@OW*A&988BW2&/M1=XQ7_BOZQ^

M
C Q-C$R



BX0G[)K8#<49231LZ^^=_/_#'LEISCG$\$
M'&=?-@2PV1TK:)P4FX=E\1W*ZG$






M?U..



C KLJB2DCA

T1/^)J])U0^





^4C

/!%D09Y'

O!]IA+F

.GB)(D%%^@2

M32=WS!$2C2:E?K5Z[V:3$L.VBL[4(SC

M4X_P
$/%V#HY]3 /:W@Z6DLC#?5H4NKA332$(^6D !.P:M^744Y7%14A21



L;!A/TP9F@

M[))8U
.JRQUSY3):D@PGYO?OV P]M()G3V-0^U['=U;5L7?EZSZAQ=V;^A+0


MHSLLB/&V[ TR6F^!F4'%%R^*S=X#
PKZ@I#5S&D6TWR!Q'0;-C$F^1+';K.P

-4DAMO$.(=^@NWL'&NPH!N*G
XFG)6L'1U]P
M]%G@8G/ZPTJ$Z$]47S#4FT&L92Q?C(F6T\Q*8_
%LV%-C=
WS@=38S UFIH:

FCDI!XO45!//9(



^
96K(38KRR0)&_J@/ 7DT]%


2NO'PQ'^*G_&B7B7<F
;




MZ6.CD=AN? GEZ 4RF3W/E^B&/D3F7E]\?7W@IG$]N_+XM3O]!(KD\;NE*7


M^0%&9OP]LC(K1
'S3?::'-


VW);;R/@
ZJ5
M68X28E=[

M]/

M^;5\F6W#1DJ




M&E-IPXG;F#QAPZ6I['JSX*K9H0L%UK0.ECX;%A#%B
















55@?



M^0$RIVGN@H$BSN^%3:%&EL\N7* *:N6$!/=SP9+08@@%[ARZYL


MD?ZS9%4AGE/$$HJ7XDL99Y;#N&!8%*WA&FS&]3XNC M!?+D3&70KR[2[B\#X



MQ
K%(J:KB
RU3M6B

M+#R@M
RX?'S*M]C'6)S2ESB^PUQ3%7M
L96@*[^L-LJIY7 A[BG$/8TH[@DT

MM;\EO]]%C
&U1^L1@P(9%


MK'M0[X)Z%]2[H-[UIMXI#XB@U@6U+JAU0:T+:EWG:IV)^.=(A_LI6JXSF*
X






[AFB5+GZ1

MMKT)K4?NTL+LD#6F-9L!WW8,F;ZL[JL@*EU2USLX2+S%Q4-HRB-AG$);/-
MEQ%6W[)963P0BO^%TJ]\_= O8O+5UQ165Q

MP2
AO1E@=FAV$95 2/WWA_DS$T'
M8)0^^(/2
/8#5P9@45F9MQ(AU



M0=)5/\+@C4 A1^E93'-.$ILE2;DH

A24H: 
62M#$*&HOXDQ.CA:B%B.-*#W$2L7BYBNA#[ \'W.
9<^JC)<DXR:BM7M3%HX;6EKJC^5!TJ
_EX@[1J_FG^)^$GI2L
M( N^2AM):VP)




U[O=$;'G'T%\E)^2
+SG-


SFTYI%U\A(P]


;30[&4NQETI' <KVKY+./[JR)4
MP6*$4;&Y(_%SO% '-5B.XI3=]8[\.R4,\ ;W6[N<EOX'&89(/;=$ATB]27KU
M0[!5+:RQ
5&4$='?Z^8*AW15F+@[XX=VGF95.[0MFP[I[IQ\@$=R]KR%1


Q(

M_Z58&7 J&\(EJ_M2KJ9;8B6\5M[Y*)&[0L:?(0
S2[IZA2S5X+-
KSV+B_
:6#VY9.4V$WY @A1U<77]5V!*2K


MQ*FM0?WG6


:WT7!DCU@
.P]I&
?I5S(.CB]:'0MUW7A<K6:OHL3S^3

VM

?X?9!XYT$5[@&GCEF$&!Y@Q/D U@NGG


MC-#5
8GINKREG%1@%T]S.26D[ENI-GO2U?QKCIOO^E4T[S0;]@O?+86Q@Y)'
MS


%J=

M3@:3K8_/Z*GZJ7&?@/5T6KD@BQG;PG9%;T39S+-G1!/
ZDJ9VQ_9^E=V](K5
M5F.-COEMP3EQF4=5\^PDSC)1(?



ZYA8XX5
MC)8SNWF




CLT



/?0G#E



S!DEH#%
M0N_04;R82WO.W:1+$]0#.YG4'C@.SB[23\ [*-MU(67)F\/ZRMOZ2ZR9Q%



M]#XWN6[NBQ-6-@\@-D)?
 C7\?1X 8&YF=X7EWZ;VRZ
C.&^ !8N; @!(2V]
MTWW;U XPAF0 N]$A!IRX
QX=8M1*_T9C



I-=S


^0%LE7. \0)
C
M4*

U/JCU0:UWHFR8RTP'J,A;E^N-+&?1;&



*FE;0M*8E-@=-*VA:0=

MI5PE)#FGN$1I1&KJ12AT2PVLQ2
&U\M:T]I*6^
Z^9*P./N=DG)YD2=9*2ZH

_*)*.=\RE/7Y&
M+#!CA*Z$(G5:HE.45(_[\ /O]U%QQ9'E&#V3?Y44A#_MZ*



M(*P).HU773(-'K5')BN%=+/4Q4^;%9Z:K3?8.#TR\BE^%C$Z
\;P?2[L9;!=


_%M


4@XV'WBN)[?L)F



HC31'@5I9_14_63%9O;SB-DKZH_TO)E-H\Q5F8M


MP0'S4A$ 90/#


MG/
?^
)Y(!E_*RP2

F)\H8.


V) *.7M_N+SIP(1# 9

C::6SDA]\6A=)%SG4+H$9RN





KVL[9& GC8;^Z4!Q]N+14!3


BX+-Y

VO<&+B%O*NH(U29^\T$KH'E=RELM(5-DJX 5D?/2C=SC?;0;#5!+E[
MIEL/ JDJGZ<'M=E[/$$)-UXIR8/NJB:)@SWJR*2(L\FC;!\:[HL]K95W#9PO
MX+EW#8*#Y%9UHXA-'Z6FCBU#T/O763R!U1MZD)_NZ*#\Z8;$.TSR_H3D29T






M&1#]/FUX^




MH/Y^B/VS

M7(20BQ!R$4(N0IN@2HC Y%G



O!XT1'$;1
 K&QK@H.S\G[\C0N<5&$







T]B<G9@A)


+)44_H+41AM7@5(H? E'AH&4CB\27




MX)(-Z0R1^YM478*C(#@*@J-@6L8AUV=T
%D'DW4P64_'9.W@SF8?0 N8?4W
M348+#EB([M%$/39LC)7QWA/F;L


M-#V/
:WS.79O1%2$282G##_BE$_H&SX)9% 


_


*Y4


[U#R$@-\L6!83&56AEM?



MNRWQ'K8RS9J4%Y!7%W'?\#E('Z7W:QKT=
B6O([V?A.7!72V=-S$3Y_X]*$X
MSM@L3]?7L9B]Y,Q@JLBNJJV(*LEC7ITSP0@0O1$B9!I?&XW/6/SS;J(T

S]LM?[(PGUN
/
M;41I26@_




M(_8.HZ8;Z'3-[6QN$K)ND
C0K.^FK]Z:!-=D/9]1BBV?)$@.W\GDV70.CR-
MDT5BPVAN[-*0^XHB=;$@55O7[HOS.$$&KHNWS5TSL\/89: .6GHY_2JS].U


^*?@S@V8/W4_!:

/*UW2D;FO!\_O



M^ P3Z][RG34/


DILI#M0) K)X

M1)S3X^

M1X#'L^$ B9JRW.+CZQBS1
2



?A-

MV6VN@R3M%HW%DQ[3D;0XI
&RYZR)=I#VI(GG&8/--3H-_+AT2NXV ZX^35





MJ$GO!'\XG9^&3P_!VB%8^^ K: YHI G1RB%:.40KAVCED?CH@#:;PXY9=J*4

L?][L:WKJ(= Y 


M


8 X&P(V
M0L!&SU**UFG7X:GNS?O0QXST+5=Z$W[3[]0V
31Y4Y3-:2-IC)O9NF@$7-C
MGU\CCI@;;1A!?W8O[]98K]Z^X0J 3&45#S5W;4K=#.5&33BI),.I\'%'=S$_
MA


*
MTF5X1FZ$ZSE'Z5E
A1&




M*$BSQJ0@19P-FY4/7SXJ=Z8OE60
I@G4ZM-?!9B10F/B;.JO@
OXEY+U&AKY


\+YM'N



M; AI-\C(F/V

M%]&SX%
]T!C2'55
O?04N93)6Y -DLJG&J-A(G8=:F*F/N=.K01Y!XB476)A
P
M(


CW$U
M@NGA8XG
+[XA XM*!N/SJ__XV J)4S%WP:QCP&(S859;U+Q&RQFK2@W3X)

MZG$#HPTT@,S:8&ZBR \.%23EJT[B/V&QU]$;5-

M!U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (B#D4K;E#:=CAX! -OR$  1                0
M  !P;'-B+3(P,38Q,C,Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (B#D4J?2T7 !4  %$+


38Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8

!@* 0  T4L
end



