

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001472375-16-000320
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		4
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160330
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pulse Beverage Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001420569
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53586
		FILM NUMBER:		161540927
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
		BUSINESS PHONE:		720-382-5476
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11678 N. HURON STREET
 STE. 200
		CITY:			NORTHGLENN
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80234
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Darlington Mines Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071207






 2015








SECURITIES AND
Washington
 D.C.
20549

ANNUAL
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
For
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2015
TRANSITION
  REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
  1934
For
the transition period from __________ to __________
Commission
File Number: 000-53586
THE PULSE
(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter)



  


  




  


  




  


  



11678 N Huron St
 Northglenn
&nbsp;(Address of principal executive
offices
 including zip code)
(Telephone number
 including area code)

Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act:


Section&nbsp;12(g) of the Act:
Common Stock
 par value $.00001 per
share

check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in
Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act.
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files).
Yes &nbsp;[X]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[ &nbsp;] 

delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&#167;229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K. &nbsp;[X]

registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a
non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of
&#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and&nbsp;&#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



    



    



check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act).
Yes &nbsp;[&nbsp;&nbsp;]&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &nbsp;[X] 

second fiscal quarter
 June 30
 2015
 the aggregate market value of common
stock held by non-affiliates was approximately $10
845
000 using the closing
price on that day of $0.18.

 2016
 there were 68
924
980
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock issued and outstanding.
Documents
Incorporated by Reference: None.



ANNUAL
REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2015





































































 Related Stockholder Matters and  Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities








































































 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
























 and Director Independence

















































CAUTIONARY NOTICE REGARDING FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

take advantage of the &#8220;safe harbor&#8221; provisions of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This Annual Report on Form 10-K (&#8220;Report&#8221;)
contains a number of forward-looking statements that reflect management&#8217;s
current views and expectations with respect to our business
 strategies
products
 future results and events
 and financial performance. All statements
made in this Report other than statements of historical fact
 including
statements that address operating performance
 the economy
 events or
developments that management expects or anticipates will or may occur in the
future
 including statements related to potential strategic transactions
distributor channels
 volume growth
 revenues
 profitability
 new products
adequacy of funds from operations
 cash flows and financing
 our ability to
continue as a going concern
 statements regarding future operating results and
non-historical information
 are forward-looking statements. In particular
 the
words such as &#8220;believe
&#8221; &#8220;expect
&#8221; &#8220;intend
&#8221; &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;estimate
&#8221; &#8220;may
&#8221;
&#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;can
&#8221; &#8220;plan
&#8221; &#8220;predict
&#8221; &#8220;could
&#8221; &#8220;future
&#8221; variations of such words
and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 but are not the
exclusive means of identifying such statements and their absence does not mean
that the statement is not forward-looking.

not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are based
on management&#8217;s current expectations and projections about future events
 are
not guarantees of future performance
 are subject to risks
 uncertainties and
assumptions and apply only as of March 30
 2016. Our actual results
performance or achievements could differ materially from historical results as
well the results expressed in
 anticipated or implied by these forward-looking
statements. Except as required by law
 we undertake no obligation to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new
information
 future events or otherwise.

 our business
including our financial condition and results of operations
 may be impacted by
a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 the following:



  
 and
    maintain existing distribution arrangements with distributors
 retailers
    brokers and regional and national retail accounts
 most of whom sell and
    distribute competing products
 and whom we rely upon to employ sufficient
    efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking retail
    shelves with our products
 on which our business plan and future growth are

  
    our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health brand of functional beverages
 including our
    sales and marketing strategies relating to the distribution and sales at a

  
    listings
 obtain favorable placement within each store and increase case sales
    through promotions with respect to Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade
 Limeade and

  

  
    working capital resources to efficiently finance the growth of our business
    including building inventory levels and financing receivables from our
    customers and then to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to preserve

  

  
    manufacturers of our products
 which could make management of our marketing and

  
    continuous supply of raw materials
 as well as other factors affecting our

  
    brand image and product quality and the risk that we may suffer other product

  
    key personnel

  
    trademarks and trade secrets
 which may prevent us from successfully marketing

  

  
    successfully against much larger established companies currently operating in
    the beverage industry

  



of some of the factors that may affect our business
 results and prospects
 see
&#8220;Item 1A. Risk Factors.&#8221; Readers are also urged to carefully review and
consider the various disclosures made by us in this Report and in our other
reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 including our
periodic reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K
 and those
described from time to time in our press releases and other communications
which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may
affect our business
 prospects and results of operations.
REFERENCES


(i) the terms &#8220;we&#8221;
 &#8220;us&#8221;
 &#8220;our&#8221;
 &#8220;Pulse&#8221; and the &#8220;Company&#8221; mean The Pulse
Beverage Corporation; (ii) &#8220;SEC&#8221; refers to the Securities and Exchange

Act of 1933

Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended; and (v) all dollar amounts refer to
United States dollars unless otherwise indicated.







 Colorado based beverage company formed in 2011 by beverage industry veterans for the purpose of exploiting niche markets in the beverage industry. We own two beverage brands: Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade and Coconut Water and PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages. We introduced our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade in 2012 and since then have developed a multi-national comprehensive distribution system in 47 states
 Canada
 Mexico and China. By establishing a multi-national distribution system
 Pulse has secured more than 15
000 listings for its Lemonades/Limeades and more than 5
000 listings for its Coconut Waters with regional and national grocery and convenience chain stores such as: Albertsons/Safeway/Tom Thumb/City Markets
 Walmart
 Kroger/Fred Meyer
 Kmart
 Circle K
 Walgreens
 7-Eleven
 Whole Foods
 Hy-Vee Supermarket
 
 Food City
 Raley's Supermarkets
 Price Chopper Supermarkets
 WinCo Foods
 ShopeRite Supermarkets and Racetrac.

with Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade for four years. We expanded this brand into
Limeade
 which started selling in January
 2014
 and into Coconut Water
 which
started selling in March
 2014. Our PULSE&#174; Heart
&amp; Body Health brand of functional beverages
 originally developed by Baxter
Healthcare
 will be re-introduced and marketed with new packaging later in 2016.
We believe the new packaging will have wider distributor
 buyer and consumer
appeal. Using our well established and
comprehensive distribution system
 we will introduce PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body
Health into our existing distribution system through natural beverage
distributers such as: United Natural Food
 Inc. and Nature&#8217;s Best
 the two
largest natural food distributors. 

currently produce
 market
 sell and distribute our brands through our strategic
regional and international distribution system
 which includes over 85% Class
&#8220;A&#8221; distributors such as Sysco
 The Sygma Network
 UNFI and distributors for
Anheuser Busch
 Miller Coors
 Pepsi
 RC/7-Up
 Coke and Cadbury Schweppes. 

principal executive offices are located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
Colorado 80234
 and our telephone number at this address is (720) 382-5476. Our
 Information contained on our website
is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We completed our initial
public offering on February 15
 2011. On June 24
 2015 our common stock began
trading on the OTCQX
Best Marketplace for established global and growth companies operated by OTC
Markets Group Inc.
Overview and
Mission

to be one of the market leaders in the development and marketing of natural and
functional beverage products that provide real health benefits to a significant
segment of the population and are convenient and appealing to consumers. We
have an experienced management team of beverage industry executives that have strong
relationships in the industry and have successfully launched and/or managed the
distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty five years.


beverages divide into a number of categories
 including energy and sports
drinks
 teas
 juices
 lemonades
 bottled water
 coconut water and functional
beverages. These beverage categories include a host of products that are
fortified with vitamins
 minerals and dietary supplements. PULSE&#174; Heart &amp;
Body Health is targeted at the functional/nutritional beverage segment. Our
goal is to evolve the functional/nutritional beverage category into more of a
focus on providing true and meaningful health and wellness benefits in a
convenient and good tasting format. 

Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade 

is a line-up of refreshing
 all-natural
&#8220;good-for-you&#8221;
 ready-to-drink lemonades/limeades in a 20oz glass bottle in seven
flavours: Natural Lemonade
 Cherry Lemonade
 Strawberry Lemonade
 Mango
Lemonade
 Natural Limeade
 Cherry Limeade and Raspberry Limeade. Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades contain no artificial sweeteners or
coloring with significant reduction in calories compared to competing products;
having only 60 calories and 19 grams of sugar per 8 oz. serving. Lemonades and
limeades are part of a high-growth market with few entrants. There
is only one other all-natural lemonade in the marketplace that is offered in a
smaller 16oz glass format. We believe that the lemonade/limeade market is well
established and that there is an immediate demand in North America and
internationally. 

Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades are targeted to beverage consumers
desiring a lower calorie
 all natural
 thirst quenching beverage for enjoyment
and rehydration. Nationally
 only a handful of companies market ready-to-drink
lemonades. We believe Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades have competitive
advantages over existing lemonade brands as follows: offered in a large format
20oz glass bottle
 has 60 calories per 8oz. serving compared to over 100 calories of
most competing beverages and is made of 100% all natural ingredients. The fact that
Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades contain no
preservatives or artificial sweeteners means that they can be sold in health
food stores such as Whole Foods
 GNC Live Well
 Vitamin Cottage
 Sunflower and
others. The following is a summary of our competition in the lemonade segment:


 20oz glass bottle
    artificial coloring
 high in calories

  
    

  

  

  
    Lemonade&#174; - one flavor in a
    12oz can


Natural
Cabana&#174; Coconut Water

introduced Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water
 in natural and pineapple flavours in
a 16.9oz can
 in March
 2014 as a major line extension to our Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades.
We recently added a 11.2oz can as a 6 pack in a cardboard carton. 




rapidly emerging coconut water category has nearly doubled in revenue every
year since 2005 according to the Wall Street Journal
 and targeting consumer
trends &#8211; &#8220;healthy&#8221; and &#8220;natural.&#8221; Dubbed &#8220;Mother Nature&#8217;s Sports Drink
&#8221; it is
made from the highest quality coconuts from Thailand. High in electrolytes
naturally fat and cholesterol-free
 coconut water is an excellent source of
hydration
 and contains healthy ingredients including calcium
 potassium and
magnesium. Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water debuted at a price lower than its
competitors and
 according to informal customer surveys
 is the best-tasting
coconut water in the market. 

water is one of the fastest growing beverage categories in the United States
with consumers and health experts recognizing its natural hydrating qualities
exceptional nutritional benefits and great taste. Coconut water contains high
levels of electrolytes
 vitamins and minerals and less sugar than many sports
drinks.

there are a number of competing brands in this category
 we believe our pricing
strategy
 established existing distribution network
 and exceptional taste of our
Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water brand will give us a competitive advantage in the
marketplace. 
PULSE&#174;
Heart &amp; Body Health 

Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverage (&#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221;) is an effective nutritional supplement for those seeking a healthy
lifestyle. It is a natural beverage product that is high in antioxidants
selenium
 Vitamin C and soluble fiber. Drinking one bottle has more fiber than two
and half servings of oatmeal. It is bottled without preservatives and in three
naturally sweetened great tasting flavors: Pomegranate/Blackberry
 Pear/Peach
and Strawberry/Grapefruit. Pulse&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health formula contains safe
and effective levels of important ingredients to support the health of our
heart and cardiovascular and immune systems.

500ml glass bottle packaging is vibrant and convenient and is water-based
which gives rise to our trademark: 
The nutrients contained in PULSE&#174; are backed by research and are scientifically
demonstrated to promote health in each targeted health platform. The
nutritional ingredients were specifically selected to provide the nutrition
necessary to achieve targeted health benefits using patented
liposome nano-dispersion technology that introduces the ingredients into PULSE&#174;
in a format that allows the body to absorb the nutrients. We own all the
formulations
 rights and trademarks relating to the PULSE&#174; brand of functional beverages
and specifically we own the right to use the following Side Panel Statement for
PULSE&#174; Heart Healthy: &#8220;Formulation developed under license from Baxter
Healthcare Corporation&#8221;. This right is in perpetuity without royalties. All PULSE&#174;
labels contain structure/function claims that are followed by an * disclosing
the following: This statement has not been evaluated by the Food and Drug
Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose
 treat
 cure
 or
prevent any disease. 
is
targeted toward adults who want to feel young and healthful. PULSE&#174; brand
mission and concept is supported by a growing consumer link between nutrition
and wellness and the ever growing need for convenient solutions to rehydrate
and to combat obesity. This fact ensures that PULSE&#174; does not just attract the
baby boomer category but includes all consumers who want health
conscious beverages. There is a societal shift away from
carbonated
 diet and high sugar-content beverages that contain artificial
sweeteners and preservatives. PULSE&#174; is supported by a growing
consumer link between nutrition and wellness in convenient solutions. There is
an emergence of new product categories in the area of energy and sports drinks
teas
 juices
 flavored waters
 lemonades and functional/nutritional beverages.
Populations are aging
 which influences the food and beverage industry
 affecting
everything from packaging and taste profiles to calories and contents.

in the recommended serving sizes as part of a daily health regimen. PULSE&#174;
formulas include functional ingredients that are widely considered to be
critical to adult health including anti-oxidants
 vitamins
 minerals
 soluble
fiber and soy isoflavones. The following is a summary of our
competition in the functional beverage segment:


 zero calories
 mostly

  
 emphasis on
    detox/weight loss/energy
 various antioxidants
 mostly trace amounts of

  
 lightly
    carbonated
 proprietary blends and vitamins
 small amounts of vitamins and

  
    beverage with claims to have heart and other health benefits &#8211; FDA has


Business Value
Drivers 
Profitable
Growth 
We believe &#8220;functional&#8221;
 &#8220;image-based&#8221; and/or &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; brands properly
supported by marketing and innovation
 targeted to a broad consumer base
 drive
profitable growth. We are focused on maintaining and improving profit margins
and believe that tailored branding
 packaging
 pricing and distribution channel
strategies help achieve profitable growth. We are implementing these strategies
with a view to achieving profitable growth. 
International
&#8211; The expansion into international markets with our Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades and Coconut Waters
 together with the re-introduction
of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages
 remains a key value
driver for our growth. 
&#8211; The principal
focus of controlling cost inputs will continue to center around reducing input
supply and production costs on a per-case basis
 including raw material costs
and co-packing fees. The converting raw materials into finished goods and
finished goods into accounts receivable and the reduction of days to collect
accounts receivable while aligning our overhead costs with our growth are key
areas of focus in 2016. 
Efficient
Capital Structure 
Our capital structure is intended to optimize our working capital to finance
expansion
 both domestically and internationally. We believe our strong capital
position currently provides us with a competitive advantage. 

subject to increases in the costs of certain raw materials being contained
these value drivers
 when properly implemented
 will result in:
(1)&nbsp;maintaining and increasing our gross profit margins;
(2)&nbsp;providing additional leverage over time through reduced expenses as a
percentage of net revenues; and (3)&nbsp;optimizing our cost of capital. The
ultimate measure of success is and will be reflected in our current and future
results of operations including positive cash flow. 




sales
 gross profits
 contribution to fixed expenses
 operating income
 net
income and net income per share represent key measurements of the above value
drivers. These measurements will continue to be a key management focus in 2016.
See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATION for a full discussion of our operations for 2015.
Growth
Strategy

Cabana&#174; Lemonade ahead of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health in order to establish
a comprehensive nationwide and international distribution system. Lemonades are
widely considered to be understood by beverage consumers as compared to a
highly nutritional functional beverage product such as PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body
Health
 which requires more education at the distribution and retail level.
Our growth strategy
includes:


























 Canada and Mexico;





















 convenience and key account store listings for all our brands nationwide and internationally;




























 natural and cold sets as opposed to the grocery isles;






























Expansion into
Mexico:

with an established Mexico distributor
 Caf&#233; El Marino
 to distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water and have sold our first
shipment of 7
500 24pack cases. Caf&#233; El Marino has been in business for more
than 60 years and has more than 1
000 employees with distribution points in
every major city in Mexico and distribution routes to almost all retail outlets.
Our Mexico operations are headed by Carlos Villarreal. Mr. Villarreal was
responsible for the Mexico introduction and distribution of Monster Energy
Drink&#174; in 2004 and led the expansion across all of Mexico up until June
 2010.
Mr. Villarreal has worked with leading brands such as Dr. Pepper Snapple and
Miller
 among others
 in their entry/distribution strategies. He has also
served as a Director for Anheuser-Busch and for Grupo Modelo (Corona) in the
U.S. and Mexico.

produce Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonades/Limeades (known as &#8220;Limonada&#8221;) for the Mexico
market in a 16.9oz glass &#8220;PULSE bottle&#8221; format. 
Expansion
into China:

 2015 we began shipping Natural Cabana
Lemonade/Limeade to China through Nantong King Food Co. (&#8220;Nantong King&#8221;)
 a
member of the Beijing Rosa International Trading Company
 based out of Nantong
City
 50 miles north of the Port of Shanghai. Nantong King re-ordered in
December
 2015. 
Prominent Industry
Acquisitions:



&#8211; In 2014




















- In 2015























 - Coca-Cola&#174; purchased FUZE&#174; for a reported $300 million when FUZE&#174;
 at the time





- turned down an offer from Coca-Cola&#174; for $2.1 billion.  At the time of the offer


Industry
Background

beverages are among the most widely distributed food products in the world and
are being sold through more than 400
000 retailers in the United States
 our
core market. The United States has more than 2
600 beverage companies and 500
bottlers of beverage products. Collectively they account for more than $100
billion in annual sales. It is estimated that globally more than $300 billion
worth of non-alcoholic beverages are sold annually. The beverage market is
controlled by two giants
 The Coca-Cola Company (&#8220;Coke&#8221;) and PepsiCo
 combining
for over 70% of the non-alcoholic beverage market. Carbonated
beverage sales are slipping
 while non-carbonated beverage sales are growing.
Experts predict that beverage companies that only offer carbonated beverages
will have to work hard to off-set flagging demand. Industry watchers believe
that growth will be largely confined to non-carbonated beverages and will
chiefly affect functional drinks. Functional
 sports and energy drinks are
expected to be the principal beneficiaries of this trend.

watchers are particularly confident about the prospect for drinks that are
functional and that offer therapeutic benefits and as such capitalize on the
public&#8217;s growing interest in products that promise to improve health. Although
we will face competition in our bid for market share
 we believe
 based on
market research
 that our products
 strong packaging
 unique formulations and
promotions will induce early trial and in the course of two years build a
widespread and loyal following. We also believe that our products will have
strong appeal in Europe and the Pacific Rim
 in particular
 China. Key drivers
of the Chinese beverage market include rising inflows of foreign direct
investment
 growing levels of consumer spending power
 an increasingly health
conscious consuming public and the Chinese government&#8217;s market-focused economic
policy. We believe our products will be accepted in China because of China&#8217;s
growing desire for healthy products
 its growing middle class and its interest
in brands that come from North America. 


distribution systems are comprised of the following:
Direct
Store Delivery (&#8220;DSD&#8221;

primarily distribute beverages
 chips
 snacks and milk and provide pre-sales
delivery and merchandising services to their customers. Service levels are
daily and weekly and they require 25% to 30% gross profit from sales to their
customers. As
of March 30
 2016
 we maintained a network of more than 150 distributors in over
48&nbsp;states in America
 nine provinces in Canada
 Panama
 Mexico
 Bermuda
and Ireland. We grant these independent distributors the exclusive right in
defined territories to distribute finished cases of one or more of our products
through written agreements. These agreements typically include compensation to
those distributors in the event we provide product directly to one of our
regional retailers located in the distributor&#8217;s region. We are also obligated
to pay termination fees for cancellations of most of these written distributor
agreements
 which have terms generally ranging from one to three years. We have
chosen
 and will continue to choose
 our distributors
based on their perceived ability to build our brand franchise in convenience
stores and grocery stores. 
Direct
to Retail Channel (&#8220;Warehouse Direct&#8221;)

have secured listings with large retail convenience store and grocery store chains
where we ship direct to the chain stores warehousing system. Retailers
must have warehousing and delivery capabilities. Services to retailers are
provided by an assigned broker
 approved by us
 to oversee pre-sale and
merchandising services. Our
direct to retail channel of distribution is an important part of our strategy
to target large national or regional restaurant chains
 retail accounts
including mass merchandisers and premier food-service businesses. Through these
programs
 we negotiate directly with the retailer to carry our products
 and
the account is serviced through the retailer&#8217;s appointed distribution system.
These arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us
 and
contain no minimum purchase commitments.


manufacturing and warehousing of our products to independent contract
manufacturers (&#8220;co-packers&#8221;). We purchase our raw
materials from North American suppliers which deliver to our third party
co-packers. We currently use three co-packers located in Oregon
 Virginia and Nebraska
to manufacture and package our products. We are also seeking a co-packer for
our northeast geographic area. Having three strategically located co-packers reduces
our shipping rates and transport times. We intend to identify
co-packers in northeast US
 Texas
 Canada
 Europe
 and Asia to support the
expansion of our products in those markets and Mexico. Once our products
are manufactured
 we store finished product in a warehouse adjacent to each
co-packer or in third party warehouses. Our co-packers were
chosen on the basis of their proximity to markets covered by our distributors.
Most of the ingredients used in the formulation of our products are
off-the-shelf and thus readily available. No ingredient has a lead time greater
than two weeks. Other
than minimum case volume requirements per production run for most co-packers
we do not have annual minimum production commitments with our co-packers. Our
co-packers may terminate their arrangements with us at any time
 in which case
we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our
customers. We continually review our contract packing needs in light of regulatory
compliance and logistical requirements and may add or change co-packers based
on those needs.


all of the raw materials used in the preparation
 bottling and packaging of our
products are purchased by us or by our contract manufacturers in accordance
with our specifications. The raw materials used in the preparation and
packaging of our products consist primarily of juice concentrates
 natural
flavors
 stevia
 pure cane sugar
 bottles
 labels
 trays and enclosures. These
raw materials are purchased from suppliers selected by us or by our contract
manufacturers. We believe that we have adequate sources of raw materials
 which
are available from multiple suppliers.




 we
purchase our flavor concentrate from four flavor concentrate suppliers.
Generally
 all natural flavor suppliers own the proprietary rights to the
flavors. In connection with the development of new products and flavors
independent suppliers bear a large portion of the expense for product
development
 thereby enabling us to develop new products and flavors at
relatively low cost. We anticipate that for future flavors and additional
products
 we may purchase flavor concentrate from other flavor houses with the
intention of developing other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our
products. If we have to replace a flavor supplier
 we could experience
disruptions in our ability to deliver products to our customers
 which could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.


ensure that the flavor profiles and nutritional platforms of our products meet
the needs of consumers&#8217; taste
 health and life-style
 we contract the services
of Catalyst Development Inc. (&#8220;Catalyst&#8221;)
 a beverage product development firm
located in Burnaby
 BC
 Canada. Catalyst developed the formulations for PULSE&#174;
under license
 for Baxter Healthcare Corporation. Catalyst&#8217;s owner
 Ron
Kendrick
 is our Chief of Product Development and oversees our beverage
development
 inventory supply chain
 and quality assurance through his team of
three persons. Our product development team has ensured PULSE&#174; is a lower
calorie
 great tasting functional beverage that provides the benefits we claim
on PULSE&#174; labels. We use a hot-fill process of production to allow the PULSE&#174;
product to have all natural ingredients without the use of preservatives.

are committed to building products that meet or exceed the quality standards
set by the U.S.
 Canadian
 China and Mexico governments. Our products are
made from high quality all natural ingredients. We ensure that all of our
products satisfy our quality standards. Contract manufacturers are selected and
monitored by our own quality control representatives in an effort to assure
adherence to our production procedures and quality standards. Samples of our
products from each production run undertaken by each of our contract
manufacturers are analyzed and categorized in a reference library. The
manufacturing process steps include source selection
 receipt and storage
filtration
 disinfection
 bottling
 packaging
 in-place sanitation
 plant
quality control and corporate policies affecting quality assurance. In
addition
 we ensure that each bottle is stamped with a production date
 time
and plant code to quickly isolate problems should they arise.

every run of product
 our contract manufacturers undertake extensive testing of
product quality and packaging. This includes testing levels of sweetness
taste
 product integrity
 packaging and various regulatory cross checks. For
each product
 our contract manufacturers must transmit all quality control test
results to us for reference following each production run. Testing also
includes microbiological checks and other tests to ensure the production
facilities meet the standards and specifications of our quality assurance program.
Water quality is ensured through activated carbon and particulate filtration as
well as alkalinity adjustment when required. Flavors are pre-tested before
shipment to contract manufacturers from the flavor manufacturer. We are
committed to ongoing product improvement with a view
toward ensuring the high quality of our product through a stringent contract
packer selection and training program.


and marketing of our proprietary beverages are subject to the rules and
regulations of various federal
 provincial
 state and local health agencies
including in particular Health Canada
 Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada (AAFC)
and the U.S.&nbsp;Food and Drug Administration (FDA). The FDA and AAFC also
regulate labeling of our products. From time to time
 we may receive
notifications of various technical labeling or ingredient reviews with respect
to our licensed products. We believe that we have a compliance program in place
to ensure compliance with production
 marketing and labeling regulations.

presently offer non-refillable
 recyclable containers in the U.S.&nbsp;and
various other markets. Legal requirements have been enacted in jurisdictions in
the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada requiring that deposits or certain eco-taxes or fees
be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain non-refillable beverage
containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other
beverage container related deposit
 recycling
 eco-tax and/or product
stewardship proposals have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the
U.S.&nbsp;and Canada. We anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may
be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the
U.S.&nbsp;and Canada.


product philosophy will continue to be based on developing products in those segments
of the market that offer the greatest chance of success such as health
wellness and natural refreshment and rehydration
 and we will continue to seek
out underserved market niches. We believe we can quickly respond
 given our
technical and marketing expertise
 to changing market conditions with new and
innovative products. We are committed to developing products that are distinct
meet a quantifiable need
 are proprietary
 lend themselves to at least a 30%
gross profit
 project a quality and healthy image
 and can be distributed
through existing distribution channels. We are identifying brands
of other companies with a view to acquiring them or taking on the exclusive
distribution of their products.
Intellectual
Property

acquired all of the property and equipment
 formulations
 rights and trademarks
associated with PULSE&#174; from Health Beverage
 LLC pursuant to an Asset Purchase
Agreement that closed on January 31
 2011.

intellectual property:












 specifications
 manufacturing methods and related Canadian and US unregistered trademark for PULSE&#174; - Heart Healthy&#8482;. This trademark is being used currently and will not expire as long as we continue to use it;







 Canada: TMA 622
432 and &#8220;PULSE: NUTRITION MADE SIMPLE&#8221; &#8211; USA ONLY. U.S. No. 2819813. In general
 trademark registrations expire 10 years from the filing date or registration date
 with the exception in Canada
 where trademark registrations expire 15 years from the registration date. All trademark registrations may be renewed for a nominal fee; and









 Limeade and Coconut Water.



trademarks
 trade secrets and the license right described above to be of
considerable value and importance to our business.
Segment
Information

operating segment: Non-carbonated beverages; and one reportable geographic
segment: North America.
Research and
Development

ended December 31
 2015 we spent $995 (2014 - $55
674) on research and
development costs associated with the changing of PULSE&#174; brand of functional
beverages from gender specific formulations to a new
 non-gender specific
formulation. We believe the new formulation will have
significantly wider consumer appeal. 


seasonal and we experience fluctuations in quarterly results as a result of
many factors. Historically
 we have generated a greater percentage of our
revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of
customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from
one quarter to another. As a result
 we believe that period-to-period
comparisons of results of operations are not necessarily meaningful and should
not be relied upon as any indication of future performance or results expected
for the entire fiscal year. 


 2015
 we had twenty-six
employees/consultants
 including Robert E. Yates
 who serves as our President
and Principal Executive
 Financial and Accounting Officer.
ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS
An investment in
our common stock is risky. You should carefully consider the following risks
as well as the other information contained in this Form 10-K
 before investing.
If any of the following risks actually occur
 our business
 business prospects
financial condition
 cash flow and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected. In this case
 the trading price of our common stock
could decline
 and you might lose part or all of your investment.&nbsp;We may
amend or supplement the risk factors described below from time to time by other
reports we file with the SEC in the future.
Risk Factors Relating to Our Company and
Our Business
We rely on key
members of management
 the loss of whose services could adversely affect our
success and development.

depends to a certain degree upon key members of our management. These
individuals are a significant factor in our growth and ability to meet our
business objectives. We have an experienced management team of beverage
industry executives who have successfully launched and/or managed the
distribution for more than twenty-five major brands over the past twenty five
years. They have strong relationships with distributors and buyers who supply
thousands of retail outlets
 supermarkets and convenience stores. The loss of
our key management personnel could slow the growth of our business
 or cause us
to cease operations
 which may result in the total loss of an investment in our
securities.
Because we do
not have long term contractual commitments with our distributors
 our business
may be negatively affected if we are unable to maintain these important
relationships and distribute our products.

and sales strategy depends in large part on the availability and performance of
our independent distributors. We will continue our efforts to reinforce and
expand our distribution network by partnering with new distributors and
replacing underperforming distributors. We have entered into written agreements
with many of our distributors in the U.S.&nbsp;and Canada
 with terms ranging
from one to three years. We currently do not have
 nor do we anticipate in the
future that we will be able to establish
 long-term contractual commitments
from some of our distributors. In addition
 despite the terms of the written
agreements with many of our top distributors
 there are no minimum levels of
purchases required under some of those agreements
 and most of the agreements
may be terminated at any time by us
 generally with a termination fee. We may
not be able to maintain our current distribution relationships or establish and
maintain successful relationships with distributors in new geographic
distribution areas. Moreover
 there is the additional possibility that we may
have to incur additional expenditures to attract and maintain key distributors
in one or more of our geographic distribution areas in order to profitably
exploit our geographic markets.

maintain our distribution network or attract additional distributors will
likely adversely affect our revenues and financial results.
Because we rely
on our distributors
 retailers and brokers that distribute our competitors&#8217;
products along with our own products
 we have little control in ensuring our
product will be delivered to our customers by our distributors
 which could
cause our sales to suffer.

establish a market for our products in new geographic areas
 as well as
maintain and expand our existing markets
 is dependent on our ability to
establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable distributors
retailers and brokers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of
our distributors
 retailers and brokers sell and distribute competing products
including non-alcoholic and alcoholic beverages
 and our products may represent
a small portion of their business. To the extent that our distributors
retailers and brokers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ
sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products
 including re-stocking
retail shelves with our products
 our sales and results of operations could be
adversely affected. Our ability to maintain our distribution network and
attract additional distributors
 retailers and brokers will depend on a number
of factors
 some of which are outside our control. Some of these factors
include: the level of demand for our brands and products in a particular
distribution area; our ability to price our products at levels competitive with
those of competing products;&nbsp;and our ability to deliver products in the
quantity and at the time ordered by distributors
 retailers and brokers.&nbsp; 




above factors work negatively against us
 our sales will likely decline and our
results of operations will be adversely affected. 
Because our
distributors are not required to place minimum orders with us
 we need to
manage our inventory levels
 and it is difficult to predict the timing and
amount of our sales.

distributors are not required to place minimum monthly or annual orders for our
products. In order to reduce inventory costs
 independent distributors endeavor
to order products from us on a &#8220;just in time&#8221; basis in quantities
 and at such
times
 based on the demand for the products in a particular distribution area.
Accordingly
 there is no assurance as to the timing or quantity of purchases by
any of our independent distributors or that any of our distributors will
continue to purchase products from us in the same frequencies and volumes as
they may have in the past. In order to be able to deliver our products on a
timely basis
 we need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired
products
 but we cannot predict the number of cases sold by any of our
distributors. If we fail to meet our shipping schedules
 we could damage our
relationships with distributors and/or retailers
 increase our shipping costs
or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost
 which would unfavorably
impact our future sales and adversely affect our operating results. In
addition
 if the inventory of our products held by our distributors and/or
retailers is too high
 they will not place orders for additional products
which would also unfavorably impact our future sales and adversely affect our
operating results.
Our business
plan and future growth is dependent in part on our distribution arrangements
with retailers and regional retail accounts. If we are unable to establish and
maintain these arrangements
 our results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected.

have distribution arrangements with a few regional retail accounts to
distribute our products directly through their venues. However
 there are
several risks associated with this distribution strategy. First
 we do not have
long-term agreements in place with any of these accounts and thus
 the
arrangements are terminable at any time by these retailers or us. Accordingly
we may not be able to maintain continuing relationships with any of these
national accounts. A decision by any of these retailers
 or any large retail
accounts we may obtain
 to decrease the amount purchased from us or to cease
carrying our products could have a material adverse effect on our reputation
financial condition or results of operations. In addition
 we may not be able
to establish additional distribution arrangements with other national retailers.

 our
dependence on national and regional retail chains may result in pressure on us
to reduce our pricing to them or allow significant product discounts. Any
increase in our costs for these retailers to carry our product
 reduction in
price
 or demand for product discounts could have a material adverse effect on
our profit margin.

 our direct
to retailer distribution arrangements may have an adverse impact on our
existing relationships with our independent regional distributors
 who may view
our direct to retailer accounts as competitive with their business
 making it
more difficult for us to maintain and expand our relationships with independent
distributors.
We rely on
independent contract manufacturers of our products
 and this dependence could
make management of our marketing and distribution efforts inefficient or
unprofitable.

the plants or the equipment required to manufacture and package our beverage
products
 and do not directly manufacture our products but instead outsource
the manufacturing process to independent contract manufacturers (co-packers).
We do not anticipate bringing the manufacturing process in-house in the future.
Currently
 our products are prepared
 bottled and packaged by two primary
co-packers. Our ability to attract and maintain effective relationships with
contract manufacturers and other third parties for the production and delivery
of our beverage products in a particular geographic distribution area is
important to the success of our operations within each distribution area.
Competition for contract manufacturers&#8217; business is intense
 especially in the
western U.S.
 and this could make it more difficult for us to obtain new or
replacement manufacturers
 or to locate back-up manufacturers
 in our various
distribution areas
 and could also affect the economic terms of our agreements
with our manufacturers. Our contract manufacturers may terminate their
arrangements with us at any time
 in which case we could experience disruptions
in our ability to deliver products to our customers. We may not be able to
maintain our relationships with current contract manufacturers or establish
satisfactory relationships with new or replacement contract manufacturers
whether in existing or new geographic distribution areas. The failure to
establish and maintain effective relationships with contract manufacturers for
a distribution area could increase our manufacturing costs and thereby
materially reduce profits realized from the sale of our products in that area.
In addition
 poor relations with any of our contract manufacturers could
adversely affect the amount and timing of product delivered to our distributors
for resale
 which would in turn adversely affect our revenues and financial
condition.

in the contract manufacturing industry for comparably sized companies
 we are
expected to arrange for our contract manufacturing needs sufficiently in
advance of anticipated requirements. We continually evaluate which of our
contract manufacturers to utilize based on the cost structure and forecasted
demand for the particular geographic area where our contract manufacturers are
located. To the extent demand for our products exceeds available inventory or
the production capacity of our contract manufacturing arrangements
 or orders
are not submitted on a timely basis
 we will be unable to fulfill distributor
orders on demand. Conversely
 we may produce more product than warranted by
actual demand
 resulting in higher storage costs and the potential risk of
inventory spoilage. Our failure to accurately predict and manage our contract
manufacturing requirements may impair relationships with our independent
distributors and key accounts
 which
 in turn
 would likely have a material
adverse effect on our ability to maintain effective relationships with those
distributors and key accounts.
Our business and
financial results depend on the continuous supply and availability of raw
materials.

raw materials we use include glass bottles
 labels
 closures
 flavorings
stevia
 pure cane sugar and other natural ingredients. The costs of our
ingredients are subject to fluctuation. If our supply of these raw materials is
impaired or if prices increase significantly
 our business would be adversely
affected. Certain of our contract manufacturing arrangements allow such
contract manufacturers to increase their charges based on certain of their own
cost increases. While certain of our raw materials
 like glass
 are based on a
fixed-price purchase commitment
 the prices of any of the above or any other
raw materials or ingredients may continue to rise in the future and we may not
be able to pass any cost increases on to our customers.




correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for
our products is imprecise
 particularly with new products
 and may be less
precise during periods of rapid growth
 particularly in new markets. If we
materially underestimate demand for our products or are unable to secure
sufficient ingredients or raw materials including
 but not limited to
 glass
labels
 flavors
 and natural sweeteners
 or sufficient packing arrangements
 we
might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover
industry-wide shortages of certain concentrates
 supplements and sweeteners
have been experienced and could
 from time to time in the future
 be
experienced
 which could interfere with and/or delay production of certain of
our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results.
Rising raw
material
 fuel and freight costs as well as freight capacity issues may have an
adverse impact on our sales and earnings.

volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in unstable fuel and freight
prices. Due to the price sensitivity of our products
 we do not anticipate that
we will be able to pass any increased costs on to our customers.

time
 the economy appears to be returning to pre-recession levels resulting in
the rise of freight volumes which is exacerbated by carrier failures to meet
demands and fleet reductions due to fewer drivers in the market. We may be
unable to secure available carrier capacity at reasonable rates
 which could have
a material adverse effect on our operations.
We rely upon our
ongoing relationships with our key flavor suppliers. If we are unable to source
our flavors on acceptable terms from our key suppliers
 we could suffer
disruptions in our business.

 we
purchase our flavor concentrate from three suppliers
 and we anticipate that we
will purchase flavor concentrate from others with the intention of developing
other sources of flavor concentrate for each of our products. The price of our
concentrates is determined by our flavor houses
 and may be subject to change.
Generally
 flavor suppliers hold the proprietary rights to their flavors.
Consequently
 we do not have the list of ingredients or formulas for our
flavors and concentrates and we may be unable to obtain these flavors or
concentrates from alternative suppliers on short notice. If we have to replace
a flavor supplier
 we could experience disruptions in our ability to deliver
products to our customers or experience a change in the taste of our products
all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
If we are unable
to maintain brand image and product quality
 or if we encounter other product
issues such as product recalls
 our business may suffer.

on our ability to maintain brand image for our existing products and
effectively build up brand image for new products and brand extensions. There
can be no assurance
 however
 that additional expenditures on advertising and
marketing will have the desired impact on our products&#8217; brand image and on
consumer preferences. Product quality issues
 real or imagined
 or allegations
of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish the image
of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products.

because of changing government regulations; or their implementation
 or
allegations of product contamination
 we may be required from time to time to
recall products entirely or from specific markets. Product recalls could affect
our profitability and could negatively affect brand image.
The inability to
attract and retain key personnel would directly affect our efficiency and
results of operations.

depends on our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees in such
areas as distribution
 sales
 marketing and finance. We compete to hire new
employees
 and
 in some cases
 must train them and develop their skills and
competencies. Our operating results could be adversely affected by increased
costs due to increased competition for employees
 higher employee turnover or
increased employee benefit costs. Any unplanned turnover
 particularly
involving our key personnel
 could negatively impact our operations
 financial
condition and employee morale.
Our
inability to protect our trademarks and trade secrets may prevent us from
successfully marketing our products and competing effectively.

protect our intellectual property could harm our brand and our reputation
 and
adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Further
 enforcing or
defending our intellectual property rights
 including our trademarks
copyrights
 licenses and trade secrets
 could result in the expenditure of
significant financial and managerial resources. We regard our intellectual
property
 particularly our trademarks and trade secrets to be of considerable
value and importance to our business and our success. We rely on a combination
of trademark and trade secrecy laws
 confidentiality procedures and contractual
provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. We are pursuing the
registration of additional trademarks in the U.S.
 Canada and internationally.
There can be no assurance that the steps taken by us to protect these
proprietary rights will be adequate or that third parties will not infringe or
misappropriate our trademarks
 trade secrets or similar proprietary rights. In
addition
 there can be no assurance that other parties will not assert
infringement claims against us
 and we may have to pursue litigation against
other parties to assert our rights. Any such claim or litigation could be
costly. In addition
 any event that would jeopardize our proprietary rights or
any claims of infringement by third parties could have a material adverse
effect on our ability to market or sell our brands or profitably exploit our
products.
If we are unable
to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control
over financial reporting
 our stock price and investor confidence in us could
be materially and adversely affected.

to maintain both disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting that are effective. Because of its inherent limitations
internal control over financial reporting
 however well designed and operated
can only provide reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that the controls will
prevent or detect misstatements. Because of these and other inherent
limitations of control systems
 there is only the reasonable assurance that our
controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential conditions.
The failure of controls by design deficiencies or absence of adequate controls
could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.
Because we have losses
since inception it is difficult to evaluate your investment in our stock.

operating since February 15
 2011 and in production since September 22
 2011
and have not yet achieved positive cash flow from operations or profitability. We
have generated start-up losses to date while we build our distribution network
which could adversely affect our stock price. For the period from inception
through December 31
 2015
 we have accumulated losses in excess of $13 million.
We face a number of risks encountered by emerging growth companies
 including
our need to obtain long-term sources of financing
 and our need to manage
expanding operations in 2016. Our business strategy may not be successful
 and
we may not successfully address these risks. If we are unable to achieve profitable
operations
 investors may lose their entire investment in us.



We may not be
able to successfully manage growth of our business.

success will be highly dependent upon our ability to successfully manage the
anticipated expansion of our operations. Our ability to manage and support
growth effectively will be substantially dependent on our ability to implement
adequate financial and management controls
 reporting systems and other
procedures
 and attract and retain qualified technical
 sales
 marketing
financial
 accounting
 and administrative and management personnel.

success also depends upon our ability to address potential market opportunities
while managing expenses. This need to manage our expenses will place a
significant strain on our management and operational resources. If we are
unable to manage our expenses effectively
 our business
 results of operations
and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected.
Risks
associated with acquisitions

in the future
 we could acquire beverage brands and related assets
complementary to our core business operations. Any acquisitions by us would
involve risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of assets. These risks would
include
 among other things
 the following:



  

  
    in our quarterly and annual operating results could occur due to the costs

  
    and expenses in assimilating the operations and personnel of any acquired

  
    ongoing business could be disrupted and our management&#8217;s time and attention

  
    to integrate with any acquired businesses successfully.&nbsp;


Risks Related to
our Common Stock
Our securities are
 Best Marketplace
 which may not provide
us as much liquidity for our investors as more recognized senior exchanges such
the
NYSE MKT and NASDAQ.

 2015 our common stock began
trading on the OTCQX
Best Marketplace for established global and growth companies operated by OTC
Markets Group Inc.
The OTC markets are inter-dealer
 over-the-counter markets that provide
significantly less liquidity than the NASDAQ Stock Market or other national or
regional exchanges. Securities traded on these OTC markets are usually thinly
traded
 highly volatile
 have fewer market makers and are not followed by
analysts. Quotes for stocks included on the OTC markets are not listed in
newspapers. Therefore
 prices for securities traded solely on the OTC markets
may be difficult to obtain and holders of our securities may be unable to
resell their securities at or near their original acquisition price
 or at any
price.
A sale of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.

amounts of our common stock in the public market
 the market price of our common
stock could fall.
Any future
equity or debt issuances by us may have dilutive or adverse effects on our
existing shareholders.

additional shares of common due to warrants or options being exercised that
could dilute your ownership in our company. Moreover
 any issuances by us of
equity securities may be at or below the prevailing market price of our common
stock and in any event may have a dilutive impact on our shareholders
 which
could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
We have not paid
dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. Any
returns on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock.

common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on our
earnings
 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting
us. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable.
Our stock price
is volatile and you may not be able to sell your shares for more than what you paid.

significant volatility
 and you may not be able to sell shares of common stock
at or above the price you paid for them. The trading price of our common stock
has been subject to fluctuations in the past. During the year ended December
31
 2015
 our common stock traded at prices as low as $0.08 per share and as
high as $0.30 per share.

market price of the common stock could continue to fluctuate in the future in
response to various factors
 including
 but not limited to:



  

  

  

  






continued to experience volatility which may further affect our stock price.
Risk Factors
Relating to Our Industry
We compete in an
industry that is brand-conscious
 so brand name recognition and acceptance of
our products are critical to our success.

substantially dependent upon awareness and market acceptance of our products
and brands by our target market. In addition
 our business depends on
acceptance by our independent distributors and retailers of our brands as
beverage brands that have the potential to provide incremental sales growth.
Competition from
traditional non-alcoholic beverage manufacturers may adversely affect our
distribution relationships and may hinder development of our existing markets
as well as prevent us from expanding our markets.

industry is highly competitive. Due to our small size
 it can be assumed that
many of our competitors have significantly greater financial
 technical
marketing and other competitive resources. We compete against giant names like The
Coca-Cola Company and PepsiCo
 which combine for over 70% of the non-alcoholic
beverage market.
We compete with other beverage companies not only for consumer acceptance but
also for shelf space in retail outlets and for marketing focus by our
distributors
 all of whom also distribute other beverage brands. Our products
compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of
manufacturers
 most of which have substantially greater financial
 marketing
and distribution resources than ours.

competitor consolidations
 market-place competition
 particularly among branded
beverage products
 and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact
our earnings
 market share and volume growth. If
 due to such pressure or other
competitive threats
 we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our
distribution channels
 we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and
financial targets. Competition
 particularly from companies with greater
financial and marketing resources than ours
 could have a material adverse
effect on our existing markets
 as well as on our ability to expand the market
for our products.
We compete in an
industry characterized by rapid changes in consumer preferences and public
perception
 so our ability to continue developing new products to satisfy our
consumers&#8217; changing preferences will determine our long-term success.

introduce new brands
 products or product extensions into the marketplace as
current ones mature and to meet our consumers&#8217; changing preferences could
prevent us from gaining market share and achieving long-term profitability.
Product lifecycles can vary and consumers&#8217; preferences change over time.
Although we try to anticipate these shifts and develop new products to
introduce to our consumers
 there is no guarantee that we will succeed.
Our business is
subject to many regulations and noncompliance is costly.

marketing and sale of our beverages
 including contents
 labels
 caps and
containers
 are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal
provincial
 state and local health agencies. If a regulatory authority finds
that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with
any of these regulations
 we may be fined
 or production may be stopped
 thus
adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations.
Similarly
 any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage
our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products.
Furthermore
 the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time
and while we closely monitor developments in this area
 we have no way of
anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our
business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements
 whether
labeling
 environmental
 tax or otherwise
 could have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations.


ITEM
2. PROPERTIES

located at 11678 N Huron Street
 Northglenn
 Colorado 80234. We lease these
facilities on a month-to-month basis at a cost of $5
587 per month. We lease
warehouse space located in Denver
 Colorado for $900 per month. We believe
these facilities are suitable for our current needs.


time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of
business
 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our
management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material
adverse effect on our consolidated financial position
 results of operations or
liquidity.

 2016
 there were no
known legal proceedings against us. No governmental agency has instituted
proceedings
 served
 or threatened us with any complaints.
ITEM 4. MINE
SAFETY DISCLOSURES





ITEM 5. MARKET
FOR REGISTRANT&#8217;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Market
Information

to April 5
 2011
 there was no public trading market for our securities. We completed our
initial public offering on February 15
 2011. On April 11
 2011 our common
stock started trading under the symbol &#8220;PLSB&#8221; on the OTCBB operated by the
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
 Inc. (&#8220;FINRA&#8221;) and the OTCQB operated
by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. On June 24
 2015 our common stock began trading on
the OTCQX
Best Marketplace for established global and growth companies operated by OTC
Markets Group Inc.

of high and low bid prices for our common stock for each applicable quarterly
period. The table reflects inter-dealer prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commissions and may not represent actual transactions.

2015:




  


  




  First
  Quarter


  $0.30


  $0.16




  Second
  Quarter


  $0.20


  $0.13




  Third
  Quarter


  $0.18


  $0.09




  Fourth
  Quarter


  $0.12


  $0.08




2014:




  


  




  First
  Quarter


  $0.81


  $0.44




  Second
  Quarter


  $0.69


  $0.40




  Third
  Quarter


  $0.48


  $0.32




  Fourth
  Quarter


  $0.37


  $0.12




price of our common stock on the OTCQX on March 30
 2016 was $0.08 per share.
Number of
Shareholders

 2016 there were 68
924
980
shares of our common stock issued and outstanding and approximately 2
500
shareholders. The transfer agent of our common stock is V-Stock Transfer
 LLC
 18
Lafayette Place
 Woodmere
 NY 11958. &nbsp;


distributions to our equity owners. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on
our common stock
 but instead
 intend to utilize available cash to support the
development and expansion of our business. Any future determination relating to
our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors
and will depend on a number of factors
 including but not limited to
 future
operating results
 capital requirements
 financial condition and the terms of
any credit facility or other financing arrangements we may obtain or enter
into
 future prospects and in other factors our Board of Directors may deem
relevant at the time such payment is considered. There is no assurance that we
will be able or will desire to pay dividends in the near future or
 if
dividends are paid
 in what amount.
Stock
Repurchases

shares repurchased during the fourth quarter of 2015.
Securities
Issued in Unregistered Transactions

2015
 we issued the following securities in unregistered transactions:

 2015 we issued 3
000
000
common shares having a fair value of $150
000 pursuant to an Advisory Services
Agreement in connection with a Credit Facility.

 2015 we issued 88
277
common shares having a fair value of $12
000 pursuant to an employment contract.


 2015 we issued 275
000
common shares having a fair value of $22
000 pursuant to an employment contract
with an officer and director. 


December 31
 2015
 we issued the following securities in unregistered
transactions:

 2016 we issued 238
889
common shares and on February 29
 2016 we issued 238
889 common shares having an
aggregate fair value of $40
611 pursuant to an employment contract with an
officer/director. 

registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 with
respect to the issuance of the shares listed above. The persons who acquired
these securities were sophisticated investors who were provided full
information regarding our business and operations. There was no general
solicitation in connection with the offer or sale of these securities. The
persons acquired these securities for their own accounts. The shares cannot be
sold unless pursuant to an effective registration statement or an exemption
from registration. No commissions were paid to any person in connection with
the issuance of these securities.



ITEM 6. SELECTED
FINANCIAL DATA

applicable.
ITEM 7.
MANAGEMENT&#8217;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS

that follows is derived from our consolidated audited balance sheets as of
December 31
 2015 and 2014 and the audited consolidated statements of
operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2015 (&#8216;2015&#8221;) and
December 31
 2014 (&#8220;2014&#8221;).



  

  

  
  

  

  
  

  

  



  Gross Sales

  

730

  
  

802

  
  


  



  Less: Promotional allowances and slotting fees

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Net Sales

  

483

  
  

363

  
  


  



  Cost of Sales

  

405

  
  

402

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  Gross Profit

  

077

  
  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  Expenses

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  Advertising
 samples and displays

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Freight-out

  


  
  


  
  


  



  General and administration

  

288

  
  

578

  
  


  



  Research and development

  
  
  
  


  
  


  



  Salaries and benefits and broker/agent&#8217;s fees

  

208

  
  

401

  
  


  



  Stock-based compensation

  


  
  
  
  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Operating Expenses

  

543

  
  

564

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Loss from Operations

  

466

  
  

603

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Other Expenses

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Net Loss

  

708

  
  

731

  
  


  


Net
Sales

gross revenues
 on sale of 265
227 cases (2014 &#8211; 279
729 cases) of Natural
Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade
 declined by $116
523 to $3
070
600 (2014 -
$3
187
123). During 2015 gross revenues
 on sale of 58
474 cases (2014 &#8211; 54
814
cases) of Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water
 increased by $16
957 to $630
244 (2014
- $613
287). During 2015 gross revenues
 on sale of 1
526 cases (2014 &#8211; 54
cases) of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health
 increased by $28
106 to $29
832 (2014
- $1
726).

2015 our overall net sales
 after promotional allowances and slotting fees
increased by $120
199 (3.6%) to $3
483
514 (2014 - $3
363
315). During 2015
promotional allowances and slotting fees
 decreased by $191
659 to $247
162
(2014 - $438
821). As a percentage of gross sales
 promotional allowances and
slotting fees decreased by 5% to 6.6% (2014 &#8211; 11.6%). During 2015 we
eliminated some promotional programs that were not as effective as planned and
reduced slotting fees paid for shelf space.

in switching over to our new coconut water supplier
 and as a result net sales of coconut water did not increase as much as
planned. Our new coconut water was widely
taste-tested and paneled and the consensus of opinion was that it better suits
the palette of North American coconut water consumers. The majority of our
existing distributors
 and recently secured retail chains
 delayed ordering
until we received this product in early December
 2015. Additionally
 the
remainder of new accounts secured did not order coconut water until early in
2016 so as to kick off new displays in cold sections leading up to the warmer
months. We recently introduced a smaller 11.2oz six-pack coconut water which
some big box retailers find easier to sell; this should increase net sales in
2016. We
expect overall net sales to increase as we expand our markets internationally
into Mexico
 China and Canada and as we introduce a 16.9oz control branded
lemonade/limeade in April
 2016. We also intend on repackaging PULSE Heart
&amp; Body Health into a more attractive package and re-introducing this brand
into the Southern California marketplace and China. Our
China distributor began ordering Lemonade/Limeade in September and our Mexico
distributor was shipped its first order of 15
000 cases of Natural Cabana&#174;
Coconut Water
 which sale was recorded in 2015. Due to changes in food laws in
Mexico during the process of shipping product from Asia
 we must overlay labels
with a new information label. This has delayed the reorder in Mexico until the
second quarter of 2016. Our distributor will
initially distribute Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water to more than 3
000 stores in
Mexico including: Soriana
 7-Eleven
 Calimax
 Circlulo K
 Dax
 Smart &amp;
Final
 and Farmacia Roma. We are planning to introduce a Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade/Limeade
(&#8220;Limonada&#8221;) in a 16.9oz glass &#8220;PULSE bottle&#8221; format for the Mexico market in
2016. 
Cost
of Sales

2015 cost of sales increased by $3
005 to $2
405
874 (2014 &#8211; $2
402
869). As a
percentage of net revenue
 cost of sales for 2015 decreased by 2.38% to 69.06%
(2014 &#8211; 71.44%). We expect cost of sales for the production of Natural Cabana&#174;
Lemonade/Limeade to remain stable throughout 2016 due to fairly stable raw
material costs. We expect cost of sales for Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water to
significantly reduce due to the lower cost of coconut water sourced from our
new Asian manufacturer and lower ocean-shipping costs. 
Gross
Profit

2015 gross profit increased by $117
194 to $1
077
640 (2014 - $960
446). Gross
profit for 2015
 as a percent of net sales
 increased by 2.38% to 30.94% (2014
&#8211; 28.56%). We expect gross profit for the sale of Natural Cabana&#174;
Lemonade/Limeade to remain stable throughout 2016 due to fairly stable sales
prices
 promotional programs and raw material costs. We expect gross profit for
Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water to significantly increase due to the lower cost
of coconut water sourced from our new Asian manufacturer and lower ocean-shipping costs. We also expect an increase in gross profit as we re-introduce
PULSE&#174;
 a higher margin brand. We expect all of these factors to have a
positive effect on our gross profit.&nbsp;&nbsp; 




Advertising
samples and displays 

samples and displays includes in-store sampling
 samples shipped to
distributors
 display racks
 ice barrels
 sell sheets
 shelf strips and door
decals. During 2015 advertising
 samples and displays expense decreased by $56
702
to $80
269 (2014 - $136
971). As a percentage of net sales
 this expense
decreased by 1.8% to 2.3% (2014 &#8211; 4.1%). We reduced this cost due to less
display racks and barrels being needed in 2015. We expect this expense to
increase in proportion to increases in sales mainly due to the expansion of
Natural Cabana&#174; Coconut Water and the re-introduction of PULSE&#174; Heart &amp;
Body Health functional beverages and due to an overall increase in distribution
reach both in the United States and internationally. 


2015
 freight-out decreased by $31
976 to $359
266 (2014 - $391
242). On a per
case basis
 freight-out decreased by $0.07 per case to $1.10 (2014 - $1.17). We
expect freight-out
 on a per case basis
 to decrease due to lower
transportation costs in the United States. Additionally
 there will be limited
freight-out charges associated with delivering our products to our Mexico
distributor at the ports of entry in Mexico and our China distributor receiving
our products at the port of exit in the United States.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Contribution
to fixed expenses

companies are often compared on a contribution to fixed expense basis which
includes gross profit less variable expenses such as advertising
 samples and
displays and freight-out. This line item is not GAAP and therefore it is not
disclosed separately in our consolidated financial statements. During
2015
 as a percentage of net sales
 contribution to fixed expense increased by 5.47%
to 18.32% (2014 &#8211; 12.85%). We expect contribution to fixed expenses to increase
due to the reasons disclosed under each category above.
General
and administrative

we have rationalized our overhead to align our expenses to a new strategic way
of conducting our business utilizing more warehouse direct distribution and
utilizing strong international distributors that distribute
 market and promote
our brands in their territories. This reduces the amount of overhead we require
to operate our business. 

administration expenses for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 consist
of the following:



  

  

  
  

  

  
  


  Increase

  



  Advisory and consulting fees

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Amortization and depreciation

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Bad debts

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Legal
 professional and regulatory fees

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Office
 rent and telephone

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Shareholder
 broker and investor relations

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Trade shows

  
  
  
  


  
  


  



  Travel and meals

  


  
  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  

288

  
  

578

  
  


  



2015 general and administrative expenses decreased by $290
139 to $1
288
224 (2014
- $1
578
363). During 2015 we fully provided for a potential bad debt of
$128
196 associated with one of our major distributors. We are working with
this distributor to reverse the negative trend it is experiencing. In the
meantime we have started our own distributorship in this geographic location in
order to service our existing customers and to expand in that important marketplace.
Shareholder
 broker and investor relations decreased by $314
773 to $245
950 (2014
- $560
723). Of this expense
 a total of $230
000 (2014 - $333
833) was
associated with the issuance of our common shares. Currently we have no plans
to increase the costs associated with communicating with our shareholders and
potential investors and stock brokers. Trade shows expense decreased by $39
848
to $875 (2014 - $40
723) due to not attending certain conferences in 2015 such
as the Natural Products Expo West Conference
 Roth Capital Conference and
Marcum Conference. Travel and meals decreased by $64
827 to $284
473 (2014 - $349
300)
due to an overall effort to decrease overhead. Expense categories such as:
advisory/consulting fees
 amortization/depreciation
legal/professional/regulatory fees
 and office/rent/telephone all fluctuated
less than 10% when compared to 2014 and are not expected to change more than
10% in 2016.


2015 salaries and benefits and broker/agent&#8217;s fees decreased by $193
139 to $1
208
603
(2014 - $1
401
742). This decrease was due to the rationalization of the number
and placement of salespeople in the field. We concentrated on chain store
listings and international expansion which is where we see the majority of our
growth coming from. These areas of growth are generally handled by our two
senior officers.&nbsp; 
Stock-based
compensation

2015 we granted stock options under the Amended 2011 Plan to certain officers
directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 12
700
000 common shares at
$0.10 per common share. A total of 10
375
000 stock options vested on December
31
 2015 and a further 2
325
000 stock options vest monthly at a rate of
138
889 shares per month for sixteen months and the remaining 102
776 shares
vest on May 23
 2017. Of the 12
700
000 stock options granted a total of
7
500
000 were granted to three directors/officers valued at $440
274 of which
$302
547 was charged to operations at December 31
 2015 and $135
927 will be
amortized to operations over the next seventeen months ended May 23
 2017. 




fair value of stock options granted were estimated at the date of grant using
the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. During the years ended
December 31
 2015 and 2014
 we recorded stock-based compensation of $606
556
and $166. The weighted average fair values of stock options vested during the
year ended December 31
 2015 was $.06.
Other
Income (Expense)

income (expense) for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014 consist of the
following:



  

  

  
  

  

  
  


  Increase

  



  Asset impairment

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Contract settlement

  


  
  
  
  
  


  



  Financing expense

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Interest (expense) income
 net

  


  
  


  
  


  



  Gain (loss) on disposal of equipment

  


  
  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  
  


  



2015 we incurred interest expense of $69
885
 net of interest income of $826. We
accrued interest of $8
663 on $145
000 of short-term bridge loans received in
September
 2015 and we paid interest of $11
195 on our TCA loan received on
November 6
 2015. We also incurred interest of $2
892 associated with credit
card indebtedness during the year. Additionally
 associated with the closing of
the Credit Facility discussed in Note 7 to our consolidated financial
statements
 we incurred $281
230 of debt issuance costs which is being
amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan to November 6
 2016. A
total of $47
961 was charged to interest expense during the year ended December
31
 2015.
During 2014 we received $8
156 interest income from interest earned on our cash
balances and long-term note receivable. This was offset by interest expense of
$3
129 associated with credit card indebtedness.

2015 we incurred a contract settlement cost of $7
009 (2014 - $nil) to allow us
to enter into multiple other distribution agreements in a key geographic area. 

000
financing fee expense associated with a potential loan we elected not to take
due to poor terms offered. During 2014 we incurred a financing expense of
$26
000 being the fair market value of 100
000 common shares issued pursuant to
a financing arrangement which did not materialize in a financing acceptable to
us.


2015 our asset impairment expense was $159
597. We elected to write-down an
inventory deposit due from our previous coconut water supplier in the amount of
$45
333. A note receivable was written-down to a negotiated amount resulting in
a loss of $6
993. We wrote-off a total of $63
742 of raw materials that were
obsolete or expired and $23
766 of damaged or discontinued finished goods. We
wrote-down trademarks totalling $19
763. During 2014 we incurred an asset
impairment charge of $55
996 for raw materials obsolete or expired and
trademarks written-down of $18
881.

2015 we received $6
736 from insurance proceeds from a delivery van written-off
resulting in a gain of $3
838. In 2014 we sold a piece of manufacturing equipment
installed at one of our co-packers for $18
000 resulting in a loss on sale of
$31
764.
Net
Loss

2015 net loss decreased by $22
400 to $2
708
926 (2014 - $2
731
326). This
decrease was due to our 2015 operating plan which included rationalizing our overhead
to align expenses with conducting our business differently using warehouse
direct to distribute our products in the United States and using international
distributors which handle all of their own promotions. This reduced the amount
of overhead we incurred during 2015. We expect our monthly net losses to turn
into monthly net income during the middle of 2016 due to increased net sales
and gross profit and reduced expenses as discussed above.

losses to date
 for the most part
 continue to be the result of a concentrated
effort to establish and increase brand awareness and to establish and improve
upon our extensive nationwide and international distribution systems. Our net
losses are also due to the development of our brands including: PULSE&#174; Heart
&amp; Body Health
 Natural Cabana&#174; Lemonade and Limeade and Coconut Water and
to secure distribution and chain store listings.
Non-GAAP
financial information not disclosed in the financial statements

 2015 net loss
 after adjustments to bring GAAP to net loss before
corporation income taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 stock-based
compensation and one-time charges (Adjusted EBITDA)
 decreased by $871
442 to $1
278
311
(2014 - $2
149
753). These reductions were due to a significant decrease in
general and administrative expenses and a reduction in promotions
 slotting
advertising and freight-out.
LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES


 2015 our cash position increased
by $381
753 to $431
270 and our working capital position declined by $886
473
to $253
650. At December 31
 2015
 our working capital consisted of: cash of $431
270;
accounts receivable of $386
462; inventories of $988
910 (including finished
product of $344
764 and raw materials of $644
146); and prepaid expenses of $15
461.
Our current liabilities include accounts payable of $387
252
 accrued expenses
of $193
644
 other current amounts due of $209
720
 credit card indebtedness of
$22
066 and loans payable of $755
771.




sources and uses of cash for the year ended December 31
 2015 and 2014:




  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2015

  

  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 2014

  



  Net
  cash used in operating activities

  

  ($1
347
360)

  
  

  ($1
797
974)

  



  Net
  cash used in investing activities

  

  (78
708)

  
  

  (27
503)

  



  Net
  cash provided by&nbsp;financing activities

  

  1
807
821

  
  

  100
000

  



  Net
  increase (decrease) in cash

  

  $381
753

  
  

  ($1
725
477)

  


Cash
Used in Operating Activities

2015 we used cash of $1
347
360 in operating activities. This was made up of
the net loss of $2
708
926 less adjustments for non-cash items such as: shares
and options issued for services of $871
581
 amortization and depreciation of $106
423
asset impairment of $159
597
 a bad debt allowance of $156
091
 amortization to
interest expense of debt issuance costs of $47
961
 a gain on sale of assets of
$3
838 and reduction of note receivable for services of $92
800; all totaling $1
430
615.
After non-cash items
 the net cash loss was $1
278
311 compared to a cash loss
during 2014 of $2
149
753
 an improvement of $871
442. Our net cash used in
operating activities as a result of changes in operating assets and liabilities
was $69
049. We used cash of $127
970 to pay down our accounts payable. This
was offset by decreases in current assets: accounts receivable of $2
196
inventory of $24
369
 prepaid expenses of $22
806 and other assets of $9
550. 

used cash of $1
797
974 in operating activities. This was made up of the net
loss of $2
731
326 less adjustments for non-cash items such as: an asset
impairment charge of $55
996
 shares and options issued for services of
$333
999
 amortization and depreciation of $117
314
 bad debt allowance of
$16
500
 loss on sale of an asset of $31
764 and a financing fee of $26
000;
all totaling $581
573. After non-cash items
 the net loss was $2
149
753. Our
net cash used in operating activities was reduced by $333
779 due to an
increase in accounts receivable of $134
216
 an increase in inventory of
$10
767
 a decrease in prepaid expenses of $19
777 and an increase in accounts
payable and accrued expenses of $482
169.&nbsp; 
Cash
Used in Investing Activities

2015 we used cash of $78
708 in investing activities. A total of $64
981 was
spent on moulds
 dies and label artwork
 $6
387 on computer equipment
associated with Walmart online processing system and $5
500 on a delivery van
for Northern California. We spent $4
573 on trademarks and $4
003 on
formulation and testing associated with bringing our PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body
Health brand of functional beverages available for commercial production. We
received $6
736 from insurance proceeds from a delivery van written-off.

503 in
investing activities. A total of $14
089 was spent on label printing plates and
office equipment. We spent $36
706 on formulation
 testing
 trademarking and
label design associated with bringing our brands into commercial production. We
received $18
000 from the sale of a piece of manufacturing equipment and we
received $5
292 in principal repayments against our long-term loan due from
Catalyst Development
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 
Cash
Provided by Financing Activities

 2015
we sold 10
050
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash proceeds of $1
005
000 of
which $100
000 was received during the year ended December 31
 2014. On May 27
2015 we sold an additional 750
000 Units at $0.10 per Unit for cash proceeds of
$45
000
 and debt settlement of $30
000. Each Unit consisted of one share of
restricted common stock and one-half of a warrant. Each whole warrant allows
the holder to purchase one additional share at a price of $0.20 per share at
any time between March 10
 2016 and May 27
 2016. 

September
 2015 we received short-term loans totaling $145
000. These loans are
unsecured and due on demand. Interest of $8
663 has been accrued at December
31
 2015 and included in accounts payable and accrued expenses. At March 30
2016 these loans have not been demanded.

 we received $100
000
from subscription proceeds pursuant to a $0.10 per Unit offering closed on
March 27
 2015. 

 2015
 we entered into a Credit Agreement
with TCA Global Credit Master Fund
 LP (the &#8220;Lender&#8221;).&nbsp;Under the terms of
the Credit Agreement
 the Lender has committed to lend a total of $3
500
000
(the &#8220;Credit Facility&#8221;) to us pursuant to a senior secured revolving note (the
&#8220;Note&#8221;). The initial tranche of $650
000 was funded on November 6
 2015 and a
second tranche of $250
000 was funded on December 22
 2015 for a total of
$900
000 advanced against this Credit Facility. This loan matures on November
6
 2016 unless extended by the Lender.&nbsp;We must meet specific monthly
collateral requirements to further draw upon the Credit Facility (See
&#8220;Additional Capital&#8221; below). The Credit Facility is secured by&nbsp;a senior
secured interest in all of our assets.&nbsp;We are charged a 12% per annum rate
of interest plus a 6% per annum administration fee on the daily loan balance
outstanding. Repayment terms are 20% of gross receipts until we reach $130
000
of repayments after which we pay 10% of gross receipts. During the year we
repaid $55
949 leaving a balance owing of $844
040 at December 31
 2015.
Associated with the closing of the Credit Facility we incurred $281
230 of debt
issuance costs which will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the
loan to November 6
 2016. A total of $47
961 was charged to interest expense
during the year ended December 31
 2015. The Lender has the right
 in the Event
of Default
 to convert any outstanding amounts under the Note into restricted
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock based on 85% of the weighted value average
price of the Company&#8217;s common shares over the prior 5 trading days prior to
conversion. However
 the Lender may not convert any portion of the Note to the
extent that after giving effect to the shares which would be received on
conversion
 the Lender would beneficially own more than 4.99% of the Company&#8217;s
common stock. In connection with the Credit Facility
 we
are obligated to pay a $150
000 facility fee which has been included in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities. As security for this fee we issued
3
000
000 shares of restricted common stock to the Lender who has the right to
sell enough shares to recover its fee. The value of these shares
 being
$150
000
 was charged to additional paid in capital. Any excess shares not
sold will be returned to us for cancellation. We have the right to buy-back
these shares by paying $150
000 to the Lender on or before May 6
 2016. 





 2015
 we had cash of $431
270 and
working capital of $253
650. On
March 22
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 1 to Senior Secured Revolving
Credit Facility Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Facility&#8221;) whereby we were
approved for an additional $1
000
000 loan under the Amended Credit Facility
having the same terms as the initial $900
000 loan. The Amended and Restated
Senior Secured Revolving Convertible Promissory Note matures November 6
 2016
unless extended by the Lender. We received $455
860
 net of $44
140 of closing
costs
 on March 22
 2016 and will receive a further $250
000 once we collect an
account receivable from our Mexico distributor. A further $250
000 will be
received once we have met certain other performance criteria. In connection
with this additional loan
 we agreed to issue 10
558
069 shares of our
restricted common stock to the Lender as an Advisory Fee. Notwithstanding the
above
 the Lender is restricted from receiving these shares to the extent that
after giving effect to the receipt of the shares
 the Lender would beneficially
own more than 4.99% of our common stock. Any shares not issued as a result of
this limitation will be issued at a later date
 and from time to time
 when the
issuance of these will not result in the Lender beneficially owning more than
4.99% of our common stock. We have the right to purchase these shares by paying
$350
000 to the Lender on or before September 22
 2016.

our working capital needs through to the middle of 2017. Cash used in
operations during the year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2015 totaled $1
347
360
compared to $1
797
974 for 2014. The decrease in cash used in operations
compared to 2014 is primarily driven by increasing our overall gross profit by
$117
194 (12%)
 achieving greater operational efficiencies and reducing
operating expenses.&nbsp; 

plan as necessary to respond to developments in our business
 our markets and
the broader economy. We believe our credit facility and equity financing
alternatives will be made available to us to support our working capital needs
in the future. These alternatives may require significant cash payments for
interest and other costs or could be highly dilutive to our existing
shareholders. 

 2016
 we believe that our cash on hand
available working capital and financing alternatives will be sufficient to meet
our anticipated cash needs through the first half of 2017 and is sufficient to
alleviate the uncertainties relating to our ability to successfully execute on
our business plan and finance our operations through the middle of 2017. Our
financial statements for the years presented were prepared assuming we will
continue in operation for the foreseeable future and will be able to realize
assets and settle liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.

OFF
BALANCE-SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

and at December 31
 2015
 do not have
 any off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our
financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources
that is material to investors.
CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES

discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations
are based upon our financial statements that have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America
(US GAAP). This preparation requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
revenues and expenses
 and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
US GAAP provides the framework from which to make these estimates
 assumptions
and disclosures. We choose accounting policies within US GAAP that management
believes are appropriate to accurately and fairly report our operating results
and financial position in a consistent manner. Management regularly assesses
these policies in light of current and forecasted economic conditions. While
there are a number of significant accounting policies affecting our financial
statements
 we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the
most complex
 difficult and subjective estimates and judgments:
Use of
Estimates

financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses in the reporting
period. We regularly evaluate estimates and assumptions related to the useful
life and recoverability of long-lived assets
 stock-based compensation
 and
deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and
assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors
that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which
form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and
liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent
from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially
and adversely from our estimates.
Intangible
Assets

assets are comprised primarily of the cost of formulations of our products and
of trademarks that represent our exclusive ownership of &#8220;Natural Cabana&#174;&#8221;
&#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221; and &#8220;PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&#174;&#8221;; all used in connection with the
manufacture
 sale and distribution of our products. We do not amortize
trademarks as they have an indefinite life; we amortize our website over a
period of 5 years on a straight-line basis and our formulations and related
intangible assets based on case sales divided by 2
000
000 cases We evaluate
our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of
impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible
assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with
the carrying amount of the asset.&nbsp;An impairment loss is recognized to
write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the
carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective
and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future
conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended
December 31
 2015 and 2014
 we identified impairment of trademarks of $19
763
and $18
881
 respectively.
RECENTLY ISSUED
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

our consolidated financial statements. 
ITEM 7A.&nbsp; QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
SUPPLEMENTARY DATA



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Pulse Beverage Corporation
Colorado

balance sheets of The Pulse Beverage Corporation and subsidiary (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
as of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of
operations
 changes in stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the years
in the two year period ended December 31
 2015. The Company&#8217;s management is
responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. 

with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged
to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our
audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a
basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no
such opinion. An audit also includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as
well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that
our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the
financial position of The Pulse Beverage Corporation and subsidiary as of
December 31
 2015 and 2014
 and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31
 2015 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America.

LLP
York
 New York
30
 2016



As of December 31
 2015 and 2014



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  




  


  
  


  



  


  
  

146

  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

822

  
  

044

  



 net of accumulated depreciation of $266
099 and  $174
613

  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  


  



 net of accumulated amortization of $52
683 and $39

  

131

  
  

156

  



  

131

  
  

333

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

201

  
  

644

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

568

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



 1
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value

  
  
  
  
  
  



 100
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.00001 par value&nbsp;68
447
202 and 54
276
037 issued and outstanding

  
  
  
  
  
  



  

879

  
  

177

  



  
  
  
  


  



  

247

  
  

538

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

632

  
  

740

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

201

  
  

644

  



statements)



For the Years Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



  



  
  



  



  Gross Sales

  

730

  
  

802

  



  Less: Promotional Allowances and Slotting Fees

  


  
  


  



  Net Sales

  

483

  
  

363

  



  Cost of Sales

  

405

  
  

402

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Gross Profit

  

077

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Expenses

  
  
  
  
  
  



  Advertising
 samples and displays

  


  
  


  



  Freight-out

  


  
  


  



  General and administration

  

288

  
  

578

  



  Research and development

  
  
  
  


  



  Salaries and benefits and broker/agent&#8217;s fees

  

208

  
  

401

  



  Stock-based compensation (Note 11)

  


  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Operating Expenses

  

543

  
  

564

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Operating Loss

  

466

  
  

603

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Other Income (Expense)

  
  
  
  
  
  



  Asset impairment

  


  
  


  



  Contract settlement

  


  
  
  
  



  Financing expense

  


  
  


  



  Interest (expense) income
 net

  


  
  


  



  Gain (loss) on disposal of equipment

  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Total Other Income (Expense)

  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Loss

  

708

  
  

731

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Net Loss Per Share &#8211; Basic and Diluted

  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  Weighted Average Shares Outstanding &#8211; Basic and
  Diluted

  

861

  
  

007

  



statements)



Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&#8217;
Equity
 2015 and 2014



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  

654

  
  
  
  
  

668

  
  
  
  
  

806

  
  

862

  



  

621

  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

731

  
  

731

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  

276

  
  
  
  
  

177

  
  


  
  

538

  
  

740

  



  

500

  
  
  
  
  

049

  
  


  
  
  
  
  


  



  


  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  



  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  



  


  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  



  

000

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

708

  
  

708

  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  

447

  
  
  
  
  

879

  
  
  
  
  

247

  
  

632

  



statements)



For the Years Ended December 31
 2015 and 2014



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

708

  
  

731

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

347

  
  

797

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  


  
  
  
  



  


  
  
  
  




  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  

807

  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  

725

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  

774

  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  




  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  



  


  
  


  



  
  
  
  
  
  



statements)













 2006. On February 15
 2011 Darlington Mines Ltd. closed a voluntary share exchange transaction with a private Colorado company
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation
 which was formed on March 17
 2010
 by and among us
 The Pulse Beverage Corporation and the stockholders of The Pulse Beverage Corporation. The Pulse Beverage Corporation became a wholly-owned subsidiary. On February 16





 Limeade and Coconut Water and PULSE&#174; Heart &amp; Body Health functional beverages. Our products are distributed nationwide primarily through a series of distribution agreements with various independent local and regional distributors and on a warehouse direct basis with major retail chain stores. Our products are also distributed internationally in Canada





 2015
 we had cash of $431
270 and working capital of $253
651. On March 22
 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 1 to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Facility&#8221;) whereby we were approved for an additional $1
000
000 loan under the Amended Credit Facility having the same terms as the initial $900
000 loan (See Note 6). The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Convertible Promissory Note matures November 6
 2016 unless extended by the Lender. We received $455
860
 net of $44
140 of closing costs
 on March 22
 2016 and will receive a further $250
000 once we collect an account receivable from our Mexico distributor. A further $250
000 will be received once we have met certain other performance criteria. In connection with this additional loan
 we agreed to issue 10
558
069 shares of our restricted common stock to the Lender as an Advisory Fee. Notwithstanding the above
 the Lender is restricted from receiving these shares to the extent that
 after giving effect to the receipt of the shares
 the Lender would beneficially own more than 4.99% of our common stock. Any shares not issued as a result of this limitation will be issued at a later date
 and from time to time
 when the issuance of these will not result in the Lender beneficially owning more than 4.99% of our common stock. We have the right to purchase these shares by paying $350
000 to the Lender on or before September 22





 2015 totaled $1
347
360 compared to $1
797
974 for 2014. The decrease in cash used in operations compared to 2014 is primarily driven by increasing our overall gross profit by $117
194 (12%)










 2016
 we believe that our cash on hand
























 stock-based compensation
 and deferred income tax asset valuation allowances. We base our estimates and assumptions on current facts
 historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances
 the results of which form the basis for making judgments as to the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. The actual results experienced by us may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the estimates and the actual results









 2015












 distributors and large chain stores. We evaluate the collectability of our trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to us
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount we believe will ultimately be collected. Accounts receivable is reported as the customers&#8217; outstanding balances less any allowance for doubtful accounts. We record an allowance for doubtful accounts based on specifically identified amounts that are believed to be uncollectible. After all attempts to collect a receivable have failed
 the receivable is written-off against the allowance. The allowance for doubtful accounts was $156
090 and $16
500 at December 31
 2015 and 2014









 production availability and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
 general market and economic conditions or other factors that may result in cancellations of advance orders or reductions in the rate of reorders placed by customers and/or continued weakening of economic conditions. Additionally
 our estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate









 less accumulated depreciation. Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred; renewals and betterments are capitalized. Upon disposal of equipment and leasehold improvements
 the accounts are relieved of the costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization
 and resulting gains or losses are reflected in the Statements of Operations. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Equipment consists of bottle molds
 office and warehouse equipment
 and display coolers









 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#8221; ASC Topic 360-10-05 requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the historical cost carrying value of an asset may no longer be appropriate. We assess recoverability of the carrying value of an asset by estimating the future net cash flows expected to result from the asset
 including eventual disposition. If the future net cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the difference between the asset&#8217;s carrying value and fair value or disposable value. There is an impairment charge in 2015 and 2014 related to trademarks written-down of $19
763 and $18
881









 &#8220;PULSE&#174;&#8221; and &#8220;PULSE: Nutrition Made Simple&#174;&#8221;; all used in connection with the manufacture
 sale and distribution of our products. We do not amortize trademarks as they have an indefinite life; we amortize our website over a period of 5 years on a straight-line basis and our formulations and related intangible assets based on case sales divided by 2
000
000 cases We evaluate our trademarks annually for impairment or earlier if there is an indication of impairment. If there is an indication of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 we compare the estimated fair value with the carrying amount of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized to write-down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less than the carrying amount. The fair value is calculated using the income approach. However
 preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on our best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. Based on our impairment analysis performed for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014
 we identified impairment of trademarks of $19
763 and $18
881









 delivery has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. Ownership and title of our products pass to customers upon delivery of the products to customers. Certain of our distributors may also perform a separate function as a co-packer on our behalf. In such cases
 ownership of and title to our products that are co-packed on our behalf by those co-packers who are also distributors
 passes to such distributors when we are notified by them that they have taken transfer or possession of the relevant portion of our finished goods. Net sales have been determined after deduction of discounts
 slotting fees and other promotional allowances in accordance with ASC 605-50. All sales to distributors and customers are final; however
 in limited instances
 due to product quality issues or distributor terminations
 we may accept returned product. To date



































 we have generated a higher percentage of our revenues during the warm weather months of April through September. Timing of customer purchases will vary each year and sales can be expected to shift from one quarter to another. As a result











 2015 and 2014
 we incurred advertising costs of $80
269 and $136
971

















 quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in markets that are not active













 accounts and loans receivables
 accounts payable and accrued expenses. The carrying amounts of our financial instruments approximate their fair values as of December 31









 deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed based upon the difference between the financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities using the enacted marginal tax rate applicable when the related asset or liability is expected to be realized or settled. Deferred income tax expenses or benefits are based on the changes in the asset or liability each period. If available evidence suggests that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized





 depending on the classification of assets and liabilities to which they relate. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are not related to an asset or liability are classified as current or non-current depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The determination of taxes payable includes estimates. We believe that we have appropriate support for the income tax positions taken
 and to be taken
 on our tax returns and that our accruals for tax liabilities are adequate for all open years based on an assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law applied to the facts of each matter. No reserves for an uncertain income tax position have been recorded for the years ended December 31









 which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash and receivables. We place our cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit. As of December 31
 2015 and 2014
 we exceeded insurance limits by $139
381 and $nil














 &#8220;Stock Compensation&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 718&#8221;). Stock-based payments to employees include grants of stock





 &#8220;Equity-Based Payments to Non-Employees.&#8221; Stock-based payments to non-employees include grants of stock








 and revised
 if necessary
 in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates. The term &#8220;forfeitures&#8221; is distinct from &#8220;cancellations&#8221; or &#8220;expirations&#8221; and represents only the unvested portion of the surrendered stock option or warrant. We estimate forfeiture rates for all unvested awards when calculating the expense for the period. In estimating the forfeiture rate








Basic and Diluted Net Income (Loss) Per
Share
  



 2015 and 2014
 the denominator in the diluted EPS computation is the same as the denominator for basic EPS due to the anti-dilutive effect of outstanding warrants on our net loss. Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents relating to stock purchase warrants and options granted or issued
 at December 31
 2015 and 2014 were 34
230
080 and 23
309
247
 respectively. At March 30
 2016 there were 23
214
























 we adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-08
 Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205) and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity, which changes the criteria for determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. This ASU was effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15
 2014
 and interim periods within those years. The adoption of this guidance has not had a material impact on our financial position





 we adopted FASB&#8217;s guidance on reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity. This standard raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation and requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15
 2014. Early adoption was permitted but only for disposals that have not been reported in financial statements previously issued. The adoption of this guidance has not had a material impact on our financial position





 we adopted ASU 2015-03
 Interest - Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs, which requires debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying value of the associated debt liability
 and amortization of those costs should be reported as interest expense. This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015










 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-01
 which amends the guidance in U.S. GAAP on the classification and measurement of financial instruments. Changes to the current guidance primarily affect the accounting for equity investments
 financial liabilities under the fair value option
 and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. In addition
 the ASU clarifies guidance related to the valuation allowance assessment when recognizing deferred tax assets resulting from unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. The new standard is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2017
 and upon adoption





 the FASB issued (ASU) 2015-17
Currently deferred taxes for each tax jurisdiction are presented as a net current asset or liability and net noncurrent asset or liability on the balance sheet. To simplify the presentation
 the new guidance requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets for all jurisdictions along with any related valuation allowances be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and early adoption is permitted. We have adopted this guidance in the fourth quarter of the year ended December 31
 2015 on a retrospective basis. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our financial position
 results of operations or cash flows








 the FASB issued ASU 2015-16
 &#8220;Simplifying the Accounting for Measurement &#8211;Period Adjustments.&#8221; Changes to the accounting for measurement-period adjustments relate to business combinations. Currently
 an acquiring entity is required to retrospectively adjust the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree recognized at the acquisition date with a corresponding adjustment to goodwill as a result of changes made to the balance sheet amounts of the acquiree. The measurement period is the period after the acquisition date during which the acquirer may adjust the balance sheet amounts recognized for a business combination (generally up to one year from the date of acquisition). The changes eliminate the requirement to make such retrospective adjustments
 and
 instead require the acquiring entity to record these adjustments in the reporting period they are determined. The new standard is effective for both public and private companies for periods beginning after December 15





 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory, which applies to inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (FIFO) or average cost. Under the updated guidance
 an entity should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 which is the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. Subsequent measurement is unchanged for inventory that is measured using last-in
 first-out (LIFO). This ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016





 the FASB issued ASU 2015-07
 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosures for Investments in Certain Entities That Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or Its Equivalent), which removes the requirement to categorize within the fair value hierarchy all investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share practical expedient. Further
 the amendments remove the requirement to make certain disclosures for all investments that are eligible to be measured at fair value using the net asset value per share practical expedient. This ASU is effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2015





 the FASB issued ASU 2015-05
 Intangibles - Goodwill and Other - Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing Arrangement, which provides guidance about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. It also provides guidance related to a customer&#8217;s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. This standard provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license
 then the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license
 the customer should account for the arrangement as a service contract. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted. We will adopt this guidance on January 1
 2016. The adoption of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our financial position





 the FASB issued ASU 2015-02
 Consolidation (Topic 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis, which makes changes to both the variable interest model and voting interest model and eliminates the indefinite deferral of FASB Statement No. 167
 included in ASU 2010-10
 for certain investment funds. All reporting entities that hold a variable interest in other legal entities will need to re-evaluate their consolidation conclusions as well as disclosure requirements. This ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2015
 and early adoption is permitted





 the FASB issued ASU 2015-01
 Income Statement &#8211; Extraordinary and Unusual Items (Subtopic 225-20), effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15





 the FASB issued ASU 2014-16
 Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815). Entities commonly raise capital by issuing different classes of shares
 including preferred stock
 that entitle the holders to certain preferences and rights over the other shareholders. The specific terms of those shares may include conversion rights
 redemption rights
 voting rights
 and liquidation and dividend payment preferences
 among other features. One or more of those features may meet the definition of a derivative under GAAP. Shares that include such embedded derivative features are referred to as hybrid financial instruments. The objective of this update is to eliminate the use of different methods in practice and thereby reduce existing diversity under GAAP in the accounting for hybrid financial instruments issued in the form of a share. The amendments are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15





 the FASB issued ASU 2014-15
On July 29, 2011, we adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (the &#8220;2011 Plan) under which were authorized to grant up to 4
500
000 shares of common stock. On December 31
 2015 we approved the increase in the amount of shares authorized to be issued pursuant to the plan to 20
000





 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 3
200
000 common shares at $0.50 per common share. On December 31
 2015 we cancelled 675
000 stock options to certain employees and consultants due to the expiry or cancellation of a contract. We also cancelled 1
950








 2015 we granted stock options under the Amended 2011 Plan to certain officers
 directors
 employees and consultants to purchase 12
700
000 common shares at $0.10 per common share. A total of 10
375
000 stock options vested on December 31
 2015 and a further 2
325
000 stock options vest monthly at a rate of 138
889 shares per month for sixteen months and the remaining 102
776 shares and $6
009 vest on May 23
 2017. Of the 12
700
000 stock options granted a total of 7
500
000 were granted to three directors/officers valued at $438
474 of which $302
547 was charged to operations at December 31





 2015 and 2014
 we recorded stock-based compensation of $606
556 and $166. The weighted average fair values of stock options vested during the year ended December 31











  


  
  


  




  Expected
  dividend yield

  
  
  
  
  
  




  Risk-free
  interest rate

  
  
  
  
  
  




  Expected
  volatility

  
  
  
  
  
  




  Expected option
  life (in years)

  
  
  
  
  
  











  Number of Options

  

  Weighted Average Exercise
  Price

  

  Weighted Average Remaining
  Contractual Term (years)

  

  Aggregate Intrinsic Value

  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 December 31


075

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 December 31


075

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





700

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





625

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 December 31


150

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 December 31


825

  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 2015
 and changes during the years ended December 31






  Non-vested
  stock options


  Number of
  Options

  

  Weighted
  Average
  Grant Date
  Fair Value

  




  
  
  
  




  Non-vested
  at December 31
 2013



  
  
  




  
  
  
  




  Granted

  
  
  
  




  Vested



  
  
  




  Non-vested
  at December 31
 2014

  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  




  Granted


700

  
  
  




  Vested


375

  
  
  




  
  
  
  




  Non-vested
  at December 31
 2015


325

  
  
  















  Number&nbsp; Outstanding

  

  Weighted Average Remaining
  Contractual Life (Years)

  

  Weighted Average Exercise Price

  




  
  
  
  
  
  





700

  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  





150

  
  
  
  
  





  Number&nbsp; Exercisable

  

  Weighted Average Remaining
  Contractual Life (Years

  

  Weighted Average Exercise
  Price

  




  
  
  
  
  
  





375

  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  





825

  
  
  
  
  









 we apply estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination behavior. If the actual number of forfeitures differs from those estimated by management





 2015
 we had unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options of $135























  



  





  
  
  





074

  

331

  






  


  






  


  





  


  





986

  

002

  





  
  
  







  


  






  


  





572

  

563

  





572

  

563

  






  
  
  





 2015 was $1
009





995
265 available to offset future income for income tax reporting purposes
 which will expire in various years through 2035
 if not previously utilized. However








 2015 and 2014
 there was no income tax or related interest and penalty items in the income statement
 or liabilities on the balance sheet. We file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various state jurisdictions. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations by tax authorities for years beginning January 1
 2011 or state income tax examination by tax authorities for years beginning January 1
















 including cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 and accrued expenses as of December 31
 2015 and 2014 approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. Based on borrowing rates currently available to us for loans with similar terms



















 warehouse and storage space
 under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year ending December 31
 2017. Certain leases contain renewal options for varying periods and escalation clauses for adjusting rent to reflect changes in price indices. Certain leases require that we pay for insurance











  2016

  
  $38
640





  2017

  
  $37
739






 including short-term rentals as well as cancelable and non-cancelable operating leases
 gross
 was $65
278 and $90
825 for the years ended December 31
 2015 and 2014









 including proceedings involving employee claims
 contract disputes
 product liability and other general liability claims
 as well as trademark
 copyright
 and related claims and legal actions. In the opinion of our management
 the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position









 2016 we issued 238
889 common shares and on February 29
 2016 we issued 238
889 common shares having an aggregate fair value of $40





 2016
 we entered into Amendment No. 1 to Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Facility&#8221;) whereby we were approved for an additional $1
000
000 loan under the Amended Credit Facility having the same terms as the initial $900
000 loan (See Note 7). The Amended and Restated Senior Secured Revolving Convertible Promissory Note matures November 6
 2016 unless extended by the Lender. We received $455
860
 net of $44
140 of closing costs
 on March 22
 2016 and will receive a further $250
000 once we collect an account receivable from our Mexico distributor. A further $250
000 will be received once we have met certain other performance criteria. In connection with this additional loan
 we agreed to issue 10
558
069 shares of our restricted common stock to the Lender as an Advisory Fee. Notwithstanding the above
 the Lender is restricted from receiving these shares to the extent that
 after giving effect to the receipt of the shares
 the Lender would beneficially own more than 4.99% of our common stock. Any shares not issued as a result of this limitation will be issued at a later date
 and from time to time
 when the issuance of these will not result in the Lender beneficially owning more than 4.99% of our common stock. We have the right to purchase these shares by paying $350
000 to the Lender on or before September 22


ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL
DISCLOSURE

two fiscal years
 we have had no disagreements with our accountants on
accounting and financial disclosure.

Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures

who is both our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer
 is
responsible for establishing and maintaining our disclosure controls and
procedures.&nbsp;&nbsp;Disclosure controls and procedures are those procedures
that are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the
reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is
recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by us in those reports is accumulated and communicated to our
management
 including our principal executive and principal financial officer
or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our chief executive officer
and chief financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of December 31
 2015. Based on that
evaluation
 it was concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of December 31
 2015.



Management's
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting and for the assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting.&nbsp;&nbsp;As defined by the SEC
 internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under the supervision
of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer and
implemented by our Board of Directors
 management and other personnel
 to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles.

financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:


    to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and

  
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
    preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally
    accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being

  
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
    acquisition
 use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect



inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements.&nbsp;&nbsp;Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

31
 2015 we conducted an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the
participation of our chief executive officer (our principle executive officer)
and our chief financial officer (also our principal financial and accounting
officer) of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued
in 2013 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
or the COSO Framework.&nbsp;&nbsp;Management's assessment included an
evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and
testing of the operational effectiveness of those controls.

assessment
 management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective.

changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the quarter ended December 31
 2015 that have materially affected
 or are
reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial
reporting.

report does not include an attestation report of our registered public
accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&#8217;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public
accounting firm pursuant to an exemption for non-accelerated filers set forth
in Section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act. 


this report.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


 ages
and respective positions of our directors and executive officers are set forth
below.



  


  



  Positions




  Robert
  E. Yates


  67


  President
  Chief Executive
 Financial
 and Accounting Officer
 Treasurer and Director




  Parley
  (Paddy) Sheya


  60


  Vice
  President
 Secretary
 National Sales Manager and Director




  Brian
  D. Corday


  55


  Executive
  Vice President of Business Development





been one of our officers and directors since February 15
 2011. Mr. Yates is
qualified to be a director based on his extensive experience in the beverage
industry.

seasoned business executive with experience in growing and managing businesses.
From 2006 to 2009
 Mr. Yates served as a General Manager of Mobility Works
 in
Cincinnati
 Ohio
 a company engaged in providing specialty equipment and
handicapped accessible vehicles in support of disabled populations. From 1993
to 2005
 Mr. Yates was in charge of a start-up operation for Vancol with his
areas of responsibility: product development
 plant production and the
distribution of Vancol&#8217;s many products in both the United States and Canada.
Under his guidance
 Vancol&#8217;s sales rose from less than $10 million to $50
million in three years. Over the last twenty years
 Mr. Yates&#8217; beverage
portfolio has included such brands as Monster; AriZona Tea; Rock Star
 Vitamin
Water
 Perrier
 Everfresh Juices
 Ocean Spray
 Miller Beer
 Honest Tea and Fiji
Water. In addition
 Mr. Yates successfully launched his own brand
 Quencher
which he built into a 2 million case brand in two years. Mr. Yates completed a
management course at Oglethorpe University in Atlanta
 Georgia
 and has an
associate&#8217;s degree in business administration from Highland Park College
 in
Highland Park
 Michigan and completed a Professional Personnel Management
Course with the US Air Force.





been one of our officers and directors since July 1
 2011. Mr. Sheya is qualified
to be a director based on his extensive experience in the beverage industry.

over thirty years of international executive sales and distribution management
experience in the beverage industry. He has an extensive track record in the
development of brands and in building beverage brand sales and distribution
systems from the ground up to multi-million case sales. He was sales manager
for a beverage brand called Kwencher&#174;. Mr. Sheya has managed a broad range of
beverage brands including: Jolt Cola&#174;
 Hires Root Beer&#174;; Crush&#174; Soda;
Bubble-Up&#174;; Country Time Lemonade&#174;; Hansen&#8217;s Natural Sodas and Juices; New York
Seltzer&#174; and Evian Water&#174;. From 2007 to 2008 Mr. Sheya was a self-employed
beverage consultant and from 2008 to 2009 was the key account manager for New
Leaf Brands Inc. managing national sales for Inspiration Beverage and from 2010
to June 2011 was sales manager for Bing Energy Drink. 


was appointed to our board of directors and was elected Executive Vice
President of Business Development on December 2
 2015. Mr. Corday was qualified
to be a director based on his extensive experience in the areas of finance and
business strategic planning and has held executive positions at several Wall
Street firms.

thirty years of experience assisting public companies in the areas of finance
and business strategic planning. Mr. Corday has held executive positions at
several major Wall Street firms
 most recently as Chairman and President of
BullBear Ventures
 LLC
 a private equity firm dedicated to maximizing brand
value and building shareholder value through market awareness and strategic
acquisitions and joint ventures.

until our next annual stockholders meeting or until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. Officers hold their positions at the will of the board
of directors.


do not have a nominating
 compensation or audit committees or committees
performing similar functions. Our directors believe that it is not necessary to
have such committees
 at this time
 because the functions of such committees
can be adequately performed by the board of directors.

do not have any defined policy or procedural requirements for shareholders to
submit recommendations or nominations for directors. The board of directors
believes that
 given the stage of our development
 a specific nominating policy
would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations
develop to a more advanced level. We do not have any specific or minimum
criteria for the election of nominees to the board of directors and we do not
have any specific process or procedure for evaluating such nominees. The board
of directors will assess all candidates
 whether submitted by management or
shareholders
 and make recommendations for election or appointment. 

shareholder who wishes to communicate with our board of directors may do so by
directing a written request addressed to our President and director
 Robert E.
Yates
 at the address appearing on the first page of this annual report.
Involvement in
Certain Legal Proceedings

2006 Robert E. Yates filed for personal bankruptcy in Federal Bankruptcy Court
in Denver
 Colorado. His personal bankruptcy was finalized in February
 2007.
In May
 2005 Vancol Industries filed for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code. Mr. Yates resigned his position as an executive officer of
Vancol Industries in 2005. 
Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers and persons who
beneficially own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity
securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of
changes in ownership of common stock and our other equity securities. Officers
directors and greater than ten percent beneficial shareholders are required by
SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file.
To the best of our knowledge based solely on a review of Forms 3
 4
 and 5 (and
any amendments thereof) received by us during or with respect to the year ended
December 31
 2015
 no persons have failed to file
 on a timely basis
 the
identified reports required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during fiscal
year ended December 31
 2015.


adopted a formal code of ethics that applies to our directors
 officers or
employees since we only have fifteen employees including our two officers.
ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
Summary
Compensation Table

the compensation earned by Executive Officers during the last two fiscal years.




  Principal Position


  


  
  ($)


  
  ($)


  
  Awards
  ($)


  
  Awards
  ($)


  
  ($)



  Earnings
  ($)


  
  ($)


  
  ($)




  Robert
  E. Yates
  President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Treasurer
 Chief Financial and Accounting
  Officer


  2015


  90
500


  -


  nil


  148
158


  Nil


  Nil


  Nil


  238
658




  2014


  102
000


  5
000


  nil


  nil


  Nil


  Nil


  Nil


  107
000




  Parley
  Sheya
  Vice President
 Secretary and National Sales Manager
  Brian
  D. Corday
  Executive Vice President of Business Development


  2015


  86
750


  -


  nil


  148
158


  Nil


  Nil


  Nil


  234
908




  2014


  100
000


  2
500


  nil


  nil


  Nil


  Nil


  Nil


  102
500




  2015


  10
000


  -


  22
000


  10
231


  Nil


  Nil


  Nil


  42
231






Stock Incentive
Plan

 2011
 we adopted the 2011 Equity Incentive


