

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-13-000980
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130325
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130325
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			REEDS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001140215
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				352177773
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32501
		FILM NUMBER:		13714142
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
		BUSINESS PHONE:		310-217-9400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13000 SOUTH SPRING STREET
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90061
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ORIGINAL BEVERAGE CORP /
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010508









     








Washington
 D.C. 20549


ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF 

For the fiscal year ended December 31
2012 




REED&rsquo;S
 INC.





its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Los Angeles
 California
    
    

    
    
    




 including
area code

Securities registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b)
of the Act:



    
    
    


Title
        of Class
    

Name
        of each exchange where registered

Common Stock
 $.0001 par value per share
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(g) of the Act: None





is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;

(1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;

by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes&nbsp;

delinquent filers pursuant to Item&nbsp;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of
registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.&nbsp;

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See definition of &ldquo;large
accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;small reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Accelerated
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller
reporting company&nbsp;

is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;


and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (excluding voting shares held by officers and directors) as of June 30
 2012
was $26
080
000


500
833 common shares
 $.001 par value
were outstanding on March&nbsp;13
 2013.




    
    






        
        
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    


    




    
    


CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS AND INFORMATION


Report&rdquo;)
 the other reports
 statements
 and information that we have previously filed or that we may subsequently file with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and public announcements that we have previously made or may subsequently
make include
 may include
 incorporate by reference or may incorporate by reference certain statements that may be deemed to be
forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report and those
reports
 statements
 information and announcements address activities
 events or developments that Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. (together
with its subsidiaries hereinafter referred to as &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our&rdquo; or &ldquo;Reed&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future. Any statements in this document about expectations
 beliefs
 plans
 objectives
assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often
but not always
 made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;seek
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;would&rdquo; and &ldquo;outlook
&rdquo; and similar expressions. Accordingly
 these statements
involve estimates
 assumptions and uncertainties
 which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in
them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this document.
All forward-looking statements concerning economic conditions
 rates of growth
 rates of income or values as may be included in
this document are based on information available to us on the dates noted
 and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking
statements.


Report could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made
by us
 and you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only
as of the date on which it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement or statements
to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
events. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition
 we cannot
assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual
results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.


are qualified by their terms and/or important factors
 many of which are outside of our control
 involve a number of risks
 uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from the statements made
 including
 but not
limited to
 the following risk factors.




    
    



    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    

 state and local laws and regulations including those regarding the labeling and safety of food products
 establishing ingredient designations and standards of identity for certain foods
 environmental protections
 as well as worker health and safety. Changes in these laws and regulations could have a material effect on the way in which we produce and market our products and could result in increased costs


    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    





    
    





    
    
    
                                                                      

    
    

 most of whom also distribute products that are competitive with our products


    
    
    

    
    

 grocery chains
 specialty chain stores
 club stores and other customers to discontinue carrying all or any of our products that they are carrying at any time


    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    

 marketing and promotional programs


    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    



    
    
    

    
    

 including taste test comparisons
&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    

 and&nbsp;

    
    
    

    
    
    




reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 we cannot guarantee future results
 levels of activity
 performance
or achievements.


    
    








 manufacture
 market and sell
natural non-alcoholic carbonated soft drinks
 kombucha
 candies and ice creams. We currently manufacture
 market and sell seven
unique product lines:


Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews


Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer
 Cream Sodas
 Dr. Better and Real Cola
 including ZERO diet sodas




China Colas


Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Chews
 

Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Ice Creams


Sonoma Sparkler Sparkling Juices



 we have a growing private label
business.


gourmet and natural food stores (estimated at approximately 4
000 smaller or specialty stores and approximately 3
000 supermarket
format stores)
 supermarket chains (estimated at approximately 7
000 stores)
 retail stores and restaurants in the United States
and
 to a lesser degree
 in Canada.&nbsp;&nbsp;We primarily sell our products through a network of natural
 gourmet and independent
distributors.&nbsp;&nbsp;We also maintain an organization of in-house sales managers who work mainly in the stores serviced by
our natural
 gourmet and mainstream distributors and with our distributors.&nbsp;&nbsp;


at our facility in Los Angeles
 California
 known as the Brewery
 and primarily at a contracted co-packing facility in Pennsylvania.
The co-pack facility in Pennsylvania supplies us with soda products for the eastern half of the United States and nationally for
soda products that we do not produce at The Brewery.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



increase our relationship with and sales to the approximately 13
000 supermarkets that carry
our products in natural and mainstream


Expand our distribution network by adding regional direct store delivery (DSD&rsquo;s) and additional
direct accounts


stimulate consumer demand and awareness for our existing brands and products through promotions
and advertising


develop additional product flavors under our brands (brand extensions) and other new products
including specialty packaging and alternative uses for our products


develop and produce private-label products for select customers


lower our cost of sales for our products by gaining economies of scale in our purchasing
 and

optimize the size and focus of our sales force to manage our relationships with distributors
and retail outlets.


our business in our approximately 13
000 natural and mainstream supermarket accounts in the U.S. and Canada.


by:

supporting in-store sampling programs of our products


generating free press through public relations


advertising in store publications


maintaining a company website (www.reedsgingerbrew.com)





at 13000 South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California 90061.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our telephone number is (310) 217-9400. Our Internet address
is (www.reedsgingerbrew.com). Information contained on our website or that is accessible through our website should not be considered
to be part of this Annual Report.


    
    




in 1987 by Christopher J. Reed
 our founder and Chief Executive Officer
 and was introduced to the market in Southern California
stores in 1989.&nbsp;&nbsp;By 1990
 we began marketing our products through United Natural Foods Inc. (UNFI)
 and other natural
food distributors and moved our production to a larger facility in Boulder
 Colorado.


 we incorporated our business operations
in the state of Florida under the name of Original Beverage Corporation and moved all of our production to a co-pack facility in
Pennsylvania.&nbsp;&nbsp;Throughout the 1990&rsquo;s
 we continued to develop and launch new Ginger Brew varieties.&nbsp;&nbsp;Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Brews reached broad placement in natural and gourmet foods stores nationwide through UNFI and other major specialty
 natural/gourmet
and mainstream food and beverage distributors.


 we began licensing the products
of China Cola and eventually acquired the rights to that product in 2000.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 1999
 we purchased the Virgil&rsquo;s Root
Beer brand from the Crowley Beverage Company.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2000
 we moved into an 18
000 square foot warehouse property
the Brewery
 in Los Angeles
 California
 to house our west coast production and warehouse facility.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Brewery now
also serves as our principal executive offices.&nbsp;&nbsp;In 2001
&nbsp;pursuant to a reincorporation merger
&nbsp;we changed
our state of incorporation to Delaware and also changed our name to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;


 2006
 we completed the sale
of 2
000
000 shares of our common stock at an offering price of $4.00 per share in our initial public offering. The public offering
resulted in gross proceeds of $8
000
000. Following the public offering
 we expanded sales and operations dramatically
 initially
using a direct store delivery strategy in Southern California
 along with other regional independent direct store distributors
(DSD). The relationships with DSD&rsquo;s were supported by our sales staff. In 2007
 we raised a net of $7
600
000 in a private
placement. We re-focused our sales strategy to eliminate company direct store delivery sales and to expand sales to DSD&rsquo;s
and natural food distributors on a national level. We also started selling directly to supermarket grocery stores
 which has become
a significant portion of our business today.


line extensions
 such as our Virgil&rsquo;s diet line of ZERO beverages introduced in 2010 and Dr. Better and Extra Light 55 Calories
in 2011. We commenced offering private label products in 2010
 and have increased that business significantly in 2011 and 2012.
In 2012
 we introduced our Culture Club kombucha line with the initial four flavors.




carbonated soft drinks (CSD)
 billion CSD market nationwide.
Within natural food store markets
 we are among the top-selling natural soft drinks. This market is steady and growing. We also
sell in major grocery chains nationally. The trend in grocery stores is to expand offerings of natural products and we have the
scale and capability to develop these direct customer relationships.




four candies and three ice creams. We make all of our products using premium all-natural ingredients. Our primary brands are our
Reed&rsquo;s ginger brew line
 our Virgil&rsquo;s line of root beer and our Culture Club kombucha. Our candy products
 include
Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger Candy and Reed&rsquo;s Chews
 represent a lesser portion of revenues
 however
 the products are
popular and sales are expanding. We also sell ginger ice cream.




modern soft drink technology existed
 non-alcoholic beverages were brewed at home directly from herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits.&nbsp;&nbsp;These
handcrafted brews were then aged like wine and highly prized for their taste and their tonic
 health-giving properties.&nbsp;&nbsp;Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Brews are a revival of this home brewing art and we make them with care and attention to wholesomeness and quality
 using
the finest fresh herbs
 roots
 spices
 and fruits.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our expert brew masters brew each batch with fresh ginger.


are unique in their kettle-brewed origin among all mass-marketed soft drinks. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews contain between 8 and 26
grams of fresh ginger in every 12-ounce bottle. We use pure cane sugar as the sweetener. Our products differ from commercial soft
drinks in three particular characteristics: sweetening
 carbonation and coloring for greater adult appeal. Instead of using injected-based
carbonation
 we produce our carbonation naturally
 through slower
 beer-oriented techniques.&nbsp;&nbsp;This process produces smaller
longer lasting bubbles that do not dissipate rapidly when the bottle is opened.&nbsp;&nbsp;We do not add coloring.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
color of our products comes naturally from herbs
 fruits
 spices
 roots and juices.


    
    


 since Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews
are pasteurized
 they do not require or contain any preservatives.&nbsp;&nbsp;In contrast
 modern commercial soft drinks generally
are produced using natural and artificial flavor concentrates prepared by flavor laboratories
 tap water
 and highly refined sweeteners.
Typically
 manufacturers make a centrally processed concentrate that will lend itself to a wide variety of situations
 waters and
filling systems.&nbsp;&nbsp;The final product is generally cold-filled and requires preservatives for stability.&nbsp;&nbsp;Colors
are added that are either natural
 although highly processed
 or artificial.


products:


 was our first creation
 and is a Jamaican recipe for homemade ginger ale using 17
grams of fresh ginger root
 lemon
 lime
 honey
 raw cane sugar
 pineapple
 herbs and spices. Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew
is 20% fruit juice.

 is the same approximate recipe
 with 25 grams of fresh ginger root for a stronger bite.
Reed&rsquo;s Extra Ginger Brew is 20% fruit juice.

 is sweetened only with honey and pineapple juice. Reed&rsquo;s Premium Ginger Brew
is 20% fruit juice.

 is brewed from 17 grams of fresh ginger root
 raspberry juice and lime. Reed&rsquo;s
Raspberry Ginger Brew is 20% raspberry juice.

 uses 8 grams of fresh ginger root
 the finest tart German apple juice and such apple
pie spices as cinnamon
 cloves and allspice. Reed&rsquo;s Spiced Apple Brew is 50% apple juice.

 is naturally brewed from 22 grams of fresh ginger root
cherry juice from concentrate and spices. 


 an energy drink infused with all natural ingredients
designed to provide consumers with a healthy and natural boost to energy levels

Reed&rsquo;s Nausea Relief
 
and B vitamins have been studied for their effectiveness in combating nausea.



Virgil&rsquo;s
is a premium root beer. We use all-natural ingredients
 including filtered water
 unbleached cane sugar
 anise from Spain
 licorice
from France
 bourbon vanilla from Madagascar
 cinnamon from Sri Lanka
 clove from Indonesia
 wintergreen from China
 sweet birch
and molasses from the southern United States
 nutmeg from Indonesia
 pimento berry oil from Jamaica
 balsam oil from Peru and cassia
We collect these ingredients worldwide and gather them together at the brewing
and bottling facilities. We combine these ingredients under strict specifications and finally heat-pasteurize Virgil&rsquo;s Root
Beer
 to ensure quality. We sell Virgil&rsquo;s Root Beer in three packaging styles: 12-ounce bottles in a four-pack
 a special
swing-lid style pint bottle and a 5-liter self-tapping party keg.


Root Beer
 we also offer the following products under our Virgil&rsquo;s brand:












Virgil&rsquo;s ZERO line
 including Root Beer
 Cream Soda
 Real
Cola
 Dr. Better and Black Cherry Cream Soda. Our ZERO line is naturally sweetened with Stevia.

Virgil&rsquo;s juice beverages
 including Clementine
 Peach Lemonade
and Pomegranate




Culture Club kombucha in 2012. Kombucha is a fermented tea that dates its origin back thousands of years. Among consumers
kombucha is believed to have healing and cleansing characteristics. Sweetened tea is introduced to a &ldquo;starter&rdquo;
culture and lightly fermented to produce an acetic drink. We make the finest kombucha possible
 using a combination of Oolong
and Yerba Mate teas. Initially
 we produced four flavors
 Goji Ginger
 Hibiscus Ginger Grapefruit
 Lemon Ginger Raspberry and
Cranberry. We plan to introduce four additional flavors in 2013.


have limited distribution
 including China Cola
 Sonoma Sparkler and Flying Cauldron Butterscotch Beer. We are continually developing
new brands and products.


    
    




label customers in our Los Angeles Brewery. We are experts in flavor development and in matching existing products in the market.
We develop the recipe and may design the label and/or the bottle style. We do not private label any of our own branded product
recipes. Private label manufacturing is different than copacking
 as we build the products and purchase the ingredients. The customer
is purchasing a finished product
 not a copacking service.


sparkling juices
 waters and teas. We develop the sources for glass and ingredients. We have a variety of packaging options
 including
swing-lid bottles
 foil capsules and various label types.




to continue expanding our Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brews
 Virgil&rsquo;s product line
 Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Ice Cream
 and Reed&rsquo;s
Ginger Candy product lines and packaging styles.&nbsp;&nbsp; Among the advantages of our self-operated Brewery are the flexibility
to try innovative packaging and the capability to experiment with new product flavors at less cost to our operations or capital.


product development. We are able to be nimble and innovative
 producing new products in a short amount of time.




facilities:



    
    
a facility in Los Angeles
 California
 known as The Brewery
 at which we produce certain soda products and our private label products
 and

    
    
a packing
 or co-pack
 facility in Pennsylvania which supplies us with product we do not produce at The Brewery.&nbsp;&nbsp;The co-packer assembles our products and charges us a fee
 generally by the case
 for the products they produce.


We follow


 bottling and packaging of our products
are purchased by us or by our contract packers in accordance with our specifications. Reed&rsquo;s Crystallized Ginger is made
to our specifications in Fiji. Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Candy Chews are made and packed to our specifications in Indonesia.


 we obtain the ingredients used
in our products from domestic suppliers and each ingredient has several reliable suppliers. We have no major supply contracts with
any of our suppliers. As a general policy
 we pick ingredients in the development of our products that have multiple suppliers
and are common ingredients. This provides a level of protection against a major supply constriction or calamity.


we will be able to keep up with increased production demands. We believe that the Brewery has ample capacity to handle increased
West Coast business. To the extent that any significant increase in business requires us to supplement or substitute our current
co-packers
 we believe that there are readily available alternatives
 so that there would not be a significant delay or interruption
in fulfilling orders and delivery of our products. In addition
 we do not believe that growth will result in any significant difficulty
or delay in obtaining raw materials
 ingredients or finished product that is repackaged at the Brewery.




in the estimated $60 billion carbonated and non-carbonated soft drink markets in the US
 Canada and International markets. Our
brands are generally regarded as premium and natural
 with upscale packaging and are loosely defined as the artisanal
(craft)
 premium bottled carbonated soft drink category.


and the craft soft drink category consists of such competitors as
 Henry Weinhards
 Thomas Kemper
 Hansen's
 Izze
 Boylans and
Jones Soda
 to name a few. These brands have the advantage of being seen widely in the national market and being commonly known
for years through well-funded ad campaigns. Despite our products having a relatively high price for an artisanal premium beverage
product
 no mass media advertising and a relatively small but growing presence in the mainstream market compared to many of our
competitors
 we believe that results to date demonstrate that Reed's Ginger Brews and Virgil's sodas are making strong inroads
and market share gains against some of the larger brands in the market.


    
    


the functional beverage category of drinks and foods
 including coconut water
 yogurt and fresh juices. Among this broader category
the refrigerated juices and functional beverages segment grew by approximately $200 million in 2012 to an estimated market of approximately
$600 million (50% growth)
 according to SPINS data. Kombucha comprises the overwhelming majority share of this explosive growth
and comprises most of the segment. It is generally believed that the segment will continue to expand at a strong rate over the
next few years. Other functional drinks in this category are also expanding sales at healthy rates
 primarily coconut water and
fresh pressed juices. Consumer awareness and demand for functional drinks is increasing and we feel that kombucha and other cultured
drinks will be in the forefront of this expanding market category.


the natural food store
 mainstream supermarket chains and foodservice locations
 primarily in the United States and
 to a lesser
degree
 in Canada and Europe.




distribution source of our products has been natural food and gourmet stores throughout the US. These stores include Whole Foods
Market
 Trader Joe's
 Sprouts
 Sunflowers
 Earth Fare
 New Seasons
 just to name a few. Our brands are also sold in gourmet restaurants
and delis nationwide. With the advent of large natural food store chains and specialty merchants
 the natural foods segment continues
to grow each year
 helping fuel the continued growth of our brands.




delivery distributors (DSD) who specialize in distributing and selling our products directly to mainstream retail channels
 natural
foods
 and specialty retail stores. Our brands are further sold directly to some retailers who require that we sell directly to
their distribution centers since they have developed their own logistics capabilities. Examples of chains that fall into the &quot;direct&quot;
category are retailers such as
 Costco
 Trader Joe's
 some Whole Foods Market Regions
 and Kroger.


 particularly supermarket chains
and prominent local/regional chains
 often impose slotting fees in order to gain shelf presence within their stores. These fees
can be structured to be paid one-time only or in installments. We utilize selective slotting in supermarket chains throughout the
US and to a lesser degree
 in Canada. However
 our local and national sales team has been able to place our products without having
to pay significant slotting fees. Slotting fees for new item placements on average have cost anywhere between $10
to $150 per store
 per new item.




feeders)
 and to on premise bars and restaurants. As our business continues to mature
 we intend to place our beverages in stadiums
sport arenas
 concert halls
 theatres
 and other cultural centers as long-term marketing and pouring relationships are developed
within this business segment.




Europe and Asia. Sales outside of North America currently represent less than 1% of our total sales. Sales in Canada represent
about 1.3% of our total sales. We believe that there are good opportunities for expansion of sales in Canada and we are increasing
our marketing focus on that market. Other international sales become cost prohibitive
 except in specialty sales circumstances
since our premium sodas are packed in glass
 which involves substantial freight to move overseas. We are open to opportunities
to export and to copack internationally and expand our brands into foreign markets
 and we are holding preliminary discussions
with trading companies and import/export companies for the distribution of our products throughout Asia
 Europe and South America.
We believe that these areas are a natural fit for Reed&rsquo;s ginger products
 because of the importance of ginger in international
markets
 especially the Asian market where ginger is a significant part of diet and nutrition.


    
    

Distribution
 Sales and Marketing


 natural
and specialty food distributors in the United States and Canada. We sell directly to our distributors
 who in turn sell to retail
stores. We also use our own internal sales force and independent sales representatives to promote our products for our distributors
and direct sales to our retail customers. One of the main goals of our sales and marketing efforts is to increase sales and grow
our brands. Our sales force consists of senior sales representatives in five geographic regions across the country. Additionally
we employ a staff of internal telemarketing sales representatives. Generally
 our sales managers are responsible for all activities
related to the sales
 distribution and marketing of our brands to our entire distributor and retail partner network in North America.
We distribute our products primarily through several national natural foods distributors and an increasing number of regional mainstream
DSD distributors. We have entered into agreements with some of our distributors that commit us to &quot;termination fees&quot;
if we terminate our agreements early or without cause. These agreements call for our customer to have the right to distribute our
products to a defined type of retailer within a defined geographic region. As is customary in the beverage industry
 if we should
terminate the agreement or not automatically renew the agreement
 we would be obligated to make certain payments to our customers.
We have no plans to terminate or not renew any agreement with any of our customers. We also offer our products and promotional
merchandise directly to consumers via the Internet through our website
 




of marketing strategies
 including direct solicitation
 telemarketing
 trade advertising and trade show exhibition. These distributors
include natural food
 gourmet food
 and mainstream distributors. Our distributors sell our products directly to natural food
 gourmet
food and mainstream supermarkets for sale to the public. We maintain direct contact with our distributor partners through our in-house
sales managers. From time to time and in very limited markets
 when use of our own sales force is not cost effective
 we will utilize
independent sales brokers and outside representatives.




supermarket sales. We have a small highly trained sales force that is directly contacting supermarket chains and setting up promotional
calendars. In addition
 we market to retail stores by utilizing trade shows
 trade advertising
 telemarketing
 direct mail pieces
and direct contact with the store. Our sales managers and representatives visit these retail stores to sell directly in many regions.
Sales to retail stores are coordinated through our distribution network and our regional warehouses.




The principal areas of competition are pricing
 packaging
 development of new products and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our
products compete with a wide range of drinks produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers. Most of these brands have
enjoyed broad
 well-established national recognition for years
 through well-funded ad and other branding campaigns. In addition
the companies manufacturing these products generally have greater financial
 marketing and distribution resources than we do. Important
factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include taste and flavor of products
 trade and consumer promotions
 rapid
and effective development of new
 unique cutting edge products
 attractive and different packaging
 branded product advertising
and pricing. We also compete for distributors who will concentrate on marketing our products over those of our competitors
 provide
stable and reliable distribution and secure adequate shelf space in retail outlets. Competitive pressures in the soft drink category
could cause our products to be unable to gain or to lose market share or we could experience price erosion. We believe that our
innovative beverage recipes and packaging and use of premium ingredients and a trade secret brewing process provide us with a competitive
advantage and that our commitments to the highest quality standards and brand innovation are keys to our success.


producer who sells their products nationally. The remainder of the producers are comprised of mostly fragmented regional or local
companies. There are companies that gain market share in certain regions; however
 most do not have the scale and capability to
effectively sell and distribute on a national basis. We believe that there is an excellent opportunity for Reed&rsquo;s to become
the #2 national producer of kombucha in a relatively short period of time
 since we have existing distribution channels and customer
relationships to expanding our sales volume quickly. We also have in-house production capabilities that can be scaled up as needed
to make this a primary brand for Reed&rsquo;s. We believe that our existing infrastructure creates a competitive advantage
 including
product design
 manufacturing &amp; production
 and a network of sales &amp; distribution.


    
    




to our business. Three of our material trademarks are registered trademarks in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office: Virgil&rsquo;s
&reg;
 Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew All-Natural Jamaican Style Ginger Ale &reg; and China Cola &reg;. Registrations for trademarks
in the United States will last indefinitely as long as we continue to use and police the trademarks and renew filings with the
applicable governmental offices. We have not been challenged in our right to use any of our material trademarks in the United States.
We intend to obtain international registration of certain trademarks in foreign jurisdictions.


 we consider our finished product
and concentrate formulae
 which are not the subject of any patents
 to be trade secrets.&nbsp;&nbsp;Our brewing process is a trade
secret.&nbsp;&nbsp;This process can be used to brew flavors of beverages other than ginger ale and ginger beer
 such as root beer
cream soda
 cola
 and other spice and fruit beverages.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have not sought any patents on our brewing processes because
we would be required to disclose our brewing process in patent applications.


with employees and distributors to protect our proprietary rights.




 distribution and sale in
the United States of many of our Company&rsquo;s products are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the Federal
Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 federal
 state and local workplace health and safety laws
various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations
applicable to the production
 transportation
 sale
 safety
 advertising
 labeling and ingredients of such products. Outside the
United States
 the distribution and sale of our many products and related operations are also subject to numerous similar and other
statutes and regulations.


warning appear on any product that contains a component listed by the State as having been found to cause cancer or birth defects.
The law exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products. This is because
the law recognizes no generally applicable quantitative thresholds below which a warning is not required. Consequently
 even trace
amounts of listed components can expose affected products to the prospect of warning labels.&nbsp;&nbsp;Products containing listed
substances that occur naturally or that are contributed to such products solely by a municipal water supply are generally exempt
from the warning requirement. No Company beverages produced for sale in California are currently required to display warnings under
this law. We are unable to predict whether a component found in a Company product might be added to the California list in the
future
 although the state has initiated a regulatory process in which caffeine will be evaluated for listing. Furthermore
 we
are also unable to predict when or whether the increasing sensitivity of detection methodology that may become applicable under
this law and related regulations as they currently exist
 or as they may be amended
 might result in the detection of an infinitesimal
quantity of a listed substance in a beverage of ours produced for sale in California.


offer and use nonrefillable
 recyclable containers in the United States and various other markets around the world. Some of these
bottlers also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements apply in various jurisdictions
in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use
of certain nonrefillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other types of beverage
container-related deposit
 recycling
 ecotax and/or product stewardship statutes and regulations also apply in various jurisdictions
in the United States and overseas. We anticipate that additional
 similar legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the
future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere.


in the United States are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
 including those relating to the
use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. Compliance with
these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect on our capital expenditures
net income or competitive position.




activity is in recycling fees and redemption values. We are required to collect redemption values from our customers and remit
those redemption values to the state
 based upon the number of bottles of certain products sold in that state.


    
    



full-time employees
on our corporate staff
 as follows: 3 in general management
 16 in sales and marketing support
 and 9 in accounting
 administration
and operations. We also have 33 production employees that work both full and part time. We employ additional people on a part-time
basis as needed.&nbsp;&nbsp;We have never participated in a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that the relationship with
our employees is good.





000
square feet
 which serves as our principal executive offices
 our West Coast Brewery and bottling plant and our Southern California
warehouse facility. Approximately 30
000 of the total space is leased under a long-term lease expiring in 2024. We also lease a
warehouse of approximately 18
000 square feet under a lease expiring in 2017
 a warehouse of approximately 13
000 square feet under
a lease expiring in 2014
 and a warehouse of 15
000 square feet on a month to month basis.





 we are a party to claims
and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims and proceedings
individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss is estimable and
the loss is probable.


 2005 through April 7
 2006
we issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering. These securities represented all of
the shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006. These shares issued in connection with
the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either Federal or State securities laws
 or both
 and may be subject
to rescission.


 2006
 we made a rescission
offer to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
 pursuant to which we offered to repurchase
these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission offer on September 18
 2006
 the rescission
offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate of $119
000
 including statutory interest.
The shares that were tendered for rescission were agreed to be purchased by others and not from our funds.


a rescission offer will terminate a purchaser&rsquo;s right to rescind a sale of stock that was not registered as required or was
not otherwise exempt from such registration requirements. With respect to the offerees who rejected the rescission offer
 we may
continue to be liable under federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal to the value of all shares of common stock
issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we may be required to pay. If it is determined
that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state law
 or securing an exemption from registration
regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these laws. However
 we believe the rescission offer
provides us with additional meritorious defenses against any future claims relating to these shares.


 we believe that
there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot
be predicted with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse
impact on our financial position
 liquidity or results of operations.


Mine Safety Disclosures





    
    



Item
5.


the NYSE MKT&nbsp;trading under the symbol &ldquo;REED&rdquo;.&nbsp; Prior to December 31
 2012
 our company traded on the NASDAQ
exchange. The following is a summary of the high and low bid prices of our common stock on the NASDAQ and NYSE MKT Capital Markets
for the periods presented:&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    

    
    
    


 2011
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



 2012
 there were approximately
190 stockholders of record of the common stock (not including the number of persons or entities holding stock in nominee or street
name through various brokerage firms) and approximately 12
498
427 outstanding shares of common stock.




2012
 we issued the following equity securities that were unregistered under the Securities Act:




    
    

965 shares of common stock in exchange for consulting and legal services. The value of the stock was based on the closing price of the stock on the issuance or agreed upon date. The total value of shares issued for services was $23
000. The shares were issued pursuant to exemption from registration under Section 4(2) of the Securities Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;






on our common stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings
 if any
 for use in our business
 and
 therefore
 we do not
anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. Payments of future dividends
 if any
 will be at the discretion
of our board of directors after taking into account various factors
 including the terms of our credit facility and our financial
condition
 operating results
 current and anticipated cash needs and plans for expansion.


5% dividend from lawfully available assets to the holders of our Series A preferred stock and $0.13 per share per quarter on our
Series B preferred stock in either cash or additional shares of common stock at our discretion. In 2012 and 2011
 we paid dividends
on our Series A preferred stock in an aggregate of 4
760 and 11
455 shares of common stock in each such year
 respectively
 and
anticipate that we will be obligated to issue at least this many shares annually to the holders of the Series A preferred stock
so long as such shares are issued and outstanding. In 2012
 we accrued $29
000 of dividends on our outstanding Series B shares
and paid $37
000 of dividends by issuing 3
394 shares of our common stock. In 2011
 we accrued $42
000 of dividends on our outstanding
Series B shares and paid $3
000 of dividends by issuing 4
760 shares of our common stock.


    
    

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation
Plans


Option Plan


up to 500
000 shares of common stock under our 2001 Stock Option Plan
 and we are authorized to issue options to purchase up to
1
500
000 shares of common stock under our 2007 Stock Option Plan. On August 28
 2001
 our board of directors adopted the 2001
Stock Option Plan
 and the plan was approved by our stockholders. On October 8
 2007
 our board of directors adopted the 2007 Stock
Option Plan
 and the plan was approved by our stockholders on November 19
 2007.


our employees
 directors and consultants. The options may constitute either &ldquo;incentive stock options&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section&nbsp;422 of the Internal Revenue Code or &ldquo;non-qualified stock options.&rdquo; The primary difference between &ldquo;incentive
stock options&rdquo; and &ldquo;non-qualified stock options&rdquo; is that once an option is exercised
 the stock received under
an &ldquo;incentive stock option&rdquo; has the potential of being taxed at the more favorable long-term capital gains rate
 while
stock received by exercising a &ldquo;non-qualified stock option&rdquo; is taxed according to the ordinary income tax rate schedule.


the board of directors. The plan administrator has full and final authority to select the individuals to receive options and to
grant such options as well as a wide degree of flexibility in determining the terms and conditions of options
 including vesting
provisions.


under the plan cannot be less than 100% of the fair market value per share of common stock on the date of the grant of the option.
The exercise price of an incentive stock option granted to a person owning more than 10% of the total combined voting power of
the common stock must be at least 110% of the fair market value per share of common stock on the date of the grant. Options may
not be granted under the plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the plan. Incentive stock options granted to
a person owning more than 10% of the combined voting power of the common stock cannot be exercisable for more than five years.


 the purchase
price of the underlying stock will be paid in cash
 except that the plan administrator may permit the exercise price to be paid
in any combination of cash
 shares of stock having a fair market value equal to the exercise price
 or as otherwise determined
by the plan administrator.


director
 or consultant with us
 other than by reason of death
 disability
 or retirement
 all vested options must be exercised
within three months following such event. However
 if an optionee&rsquo;s employment or consulting relationship with us terminates
for cause
 or if a director of ours is removed for cause
 all unexercised options will terminate immediately. If an optionee ceases
to be an employee or director of
 or a consultant to us
 by reason of death
 disability
 or retirement
 all vested options may
be exercised within one year following such event or such shorter period as is otherwise provided in the related agreement.


before it is exercised
 the shares set aside for that award are returned to the pool of shares available for future awards.


after ten years following the earlier of the date the plan was adopted by the board of directors or the date the plan was approved
by our stockholders.


    
    




of 75
employees
 officers
 directors
 consultants
 independent contractors
 advisors
 or other
service providers to Reed&rsquo;s under our 2010 Incentive Stock Plan and 2010-2 Incentive Stock Plan (collectively
 the &ldquo;2010
Plans&rdquo;). The 2010 Incentive Stock Plan was adopted by our board of directors on March 31
 2010; the 2010-2 Incentive Stock
Option Plan was adopted on May 5
 2010. The 2010 Plans are administered by a committee of the board of directors. The plan committee
may from time to time
 and subject to the provisions of the plan and such other terms and conditions as the plan committee may
prescribe
 grant to any eligible person one or more shares of common stock of Reed&rsquo;s (&quot;Award Shares&quot;). The grant
of Award Shares or grant of the right to receive Award Shares shall be evidenced by either a written consulting agreement or a
separate written agreement confirming such grant
 executed by Reed&rsquo;s and the recipient
 stating the number of Award Shares
granted and stating all terms and conditions of such grant. During 2011
 14
965 shares of common stock were issued under the 2010
Plans
 and in 2011 there were 72
025 shares of common stock issued.




provides information
 as of December 31
 2012
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under compensation plans:



    

 Warrants and Rights 

 &nbsp; Warrants and Rights 
    

    
    
    
    

    
607
000
    
470
999

    
317
253
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
924
253
    
470
999





 Reed&rsquo;s
is not required to provide the information required by this Item 6.



    
    

Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related
notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion and analysis may contain forward-looking statements based on assumptions
about our future business. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements
as a result of certain factors
 including but not limited to those set forth under &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in
this Annual Report.



Our 2012 results
reflect 20% growth in revenues to $30 million. Private label sales were approximately $5.2 million of the revenues
 $1 million
higher than in 2011. Our private label revenues fell a little short of expectations in the fourth quarter due to lower buying from
a major customer. We are starting out 2013 with very strong growth in both private label and branded product revenues. In 2013
we anticipate that our Culture Club kombucha line will make an increasing impact on branded sales revenues while we continue to
increase our distribution reach for our branded Ginger Brew and Virgil&rsquo;s lines of natural sodas. In addition to revenues
from our three great brands
 we are exploring additional line extensions and branding opportunities. We are also increasing our
consumer marketing and creating excitement around our brands
 which will increase general awareness of our products. We believe
that we have adequate capital for our existing business plans for 2013 and we are increasing margin contribution at a rate that
is faster than increases in operating and sales costs.



Year ended December 31
 2012 Compared to Year
ended December 31
 2011




007
000 for the year ended December
31
 2012 represent an increase of $4
994
000
 or 20%
 as compared to the prior year same period. Sales from branded products increased
over 19% during 2012
 over 2011
 with an overall volume increase of 18% in our core 12-ounce branded beverages. Sales of private
label products increased to approximately $5.2 million in 2012
 an increase of approximately 23% over 2011. The branded product
sales increases are due to higher volumes with key customers as well as the addition of several regional direct store delivery
(DSD) distributors selling our products. Promotional allowances
 a deduction from revenues
 increased at a faster rate than gross
sales increases
 primarily due to initial discounting on our kombucha sales and to additional promotional activities with our distributors.
Our kombucha sales commenced during the second half of 2012
 with volume increases primarily in the fourth quarter.



Cost
of tangible goods sold consists of the costs of raw materials and packaging utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing
fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges

943
000
for the year December 31
 2012 was 63% of net sales
 as it also was in 2011. Despite price increases in certain key raw ingredients
we were able to lower our average costs on our 12 ounce branded sodas overall by approximately 2% in the year ended December 31
2012
 as compared to the prior year same period
 due primarily to lower costs of certain packaging materials.

Cost of Goods Sold &ndash;
Idle Capacity 


idle capacity consists of direct production costs in excess of charges allocated to our finished goods in production. Plant costs
include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Our charges for labor and overhead
allocated to our finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which is lower than our actual costs incurred. Plant costs
in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost of finished goods produced.
Idle capacity expenses increased to $1
920
000 in the year ended December 31
 2012
 from $1
761
000 in the prior year period. The
increase is due to higher unabsorbed costs of production
 primarily in payroll
 workers compensation insurance and depreciation
expense. During 2012 we produced about 60% less equivalent cases in our Los Angeles plant than we did in 2011. The lower production
is due primarily to our initial kombucha productions
 which tied up plant time while we learned and improved processes. During
the first half of 2012
 we also performed a number of plant upgrades and maintenance that required labor costs which could not
be capitalized and which required periods of down time from production. Despite the lower production in 2012
 we were able to mitigate
the plant losses to an increase of $159
000 or 9% increase over 2011. We anticipate that our plant production will increase to
record production rates in 2013
 which will help us to reduce the idle capacity costs.


    
    




of $9
144
000 in the year ended December 31
 2012 represents 30% of sales
 as compared to 30% in 2011.

Delivery and
Handling Expenses


handling expenses consist of delivery costs to certain customers and warehouse costs incurred for handling our finished goods after
production. Delivery and handling costs increased to $2
634
000 in the year ended December 31
 2012 from $2
307
000 in 2011. The
14% increase is due to higher sales volume
 increased freight costs on certain customers and increased inventory handling costs.
As a percentage of sales
 delivery and handling expenses were 9% in both of the years ended December 31
 2012
 and 2011.

Selling and
marketing expenses


expenses consist primarily of direct charges for staff compensation costs
 advertising
 sales promotion
 marketing and trade shows.
Selling and marketing costs increased overall to $3
145
000 in the year ended December 31
 2012 from $2
470
000 in 2011. The $675
000
increase (27%) is primarily due to increased marketing and promotional costs of $403
000
 including dealer promotions
 sponsorships
and trade shows; and to higher compensation related costs of $251
000. Our overall sales staff increased from 13 at the end of
2011 to 17 at the end of 2012. As our sales base continues to grow
 we plan to progressively increase our sales staff further.
As a percentage of sales
 selling and marketing costs in the aggregate were 10% in both the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.

General and
Administrative Expenses


expenses consist primarily of the cost of executive
 administrative
 and finance personnel
 as well as professional fees. General
and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
 2012 increased to $3
229
000 from $2
878
000 in 2011. The $351
000
increase is primarily due to increases in consulting and professional fees of $168
000
 an increase in loan fees of $149
000
 an
increase in facilities-related costs of $142
000
 and an increase in the accounts receivable reserve of $122
000. Cost increases
were offset by a decrease in compensation-related costs of $103
000. In 2011
 a legal matter asserted by a former industrial employee
resulted in one-time legal costs of $327
000 that did not recur in 2012.


our existing executive and administrative staffing levels are sufficient to allow for moderate growth without the need to add personnel
and related costs for the foreseeable future.

Income
(Loss) from Operations


000 in the year ended
December 31
 2012
 as compared to a loss of $250
000 in 2011. The improvement of $386
000 is primarily due to increased sales and
margin contribution.




000 in the year
ended December 31
 2012
 compared to interest expense of $691
000 in the same period of 2011. The decrease is due to lower average
borrowing under a loan and security agreement with PMC Financial
 LLC
 secured primarily by our inventory and accounts receivable.




defines modified EBITDA (a non-GAAP measurement) as net loss before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization
 and
non-cash share-based compensation expense. Other companies may calculate modified EBITDA
differently. Management believes that the presentation of modified EBITDA provides a measure of performance that approximates
cash flow before interest expense
 and is meaningful to investors.


    
    





    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(524
000
(941
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
738
000
653
000

    
660
000
691
000

    
107
000
300
000

    
23
000
131
000

    
1
528
000
1
775
000

    
    
    

    
1
004
000
834
000





 2012
 we had stockholders equity
of $4
098
000 and we had working capital of $2
298
000
 compared to stockholders equity of $4
305
000 and working capital of $2
655
000
at December 31
 2011. The decrease in our working capital of $357
000 was primarily a result of net losses and pay downs on our long-term debt.


in cash and cash equivalents to $1
163
000 at December 31
 2012 compared to $713
000 at December 31
 2011 was primarily a result
of cash provided by operating activities of $1
177
000. Such cash provided by operations was offset primarily by costs of plant
improvements of $507
000 and loan pay downs of $397
000. We also gained $177
000 through the exercise of stock options and warrants.
In addition to our cash position on December 31
 2012
 we had availability under our line of credit of $234
000.


Group

000 term loan. The revolving line
. The
interest rate on the revolving line of credit is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31

for $750
000 and bears interest at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 which shall not be below 14.85%
 is secured by all of the unencumbered
assets of the Company
 and is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal and interest of $21
000.


Company currently has the necessary working capital to support existing operations for at least the next 12 months. Our
primary capital source will be positive cash flow from operations. If our sales goals do not materialize as planned
 we
believe that the Company can reduce its operating costs and can be managed to maintain positive cash flow from operations.
Historically
 we have financed our operations primarily through private sales of common stock
 preferred stock
 convertible
debt
 a line of credit from a financial institution and cash generated from operations.


sales in the future to achieve profitable operations. If we are not able to achieve profitable operations at some point in the
future
 we eventually may have insufficient working capital to maintain our operations as we presently intend to conduct them or
to fund our expansion and marketing and product development plans. In addition
 our losses may increase in the future as we expand
our manufacturing capabilities and fund our marketing plans and product development. These losses
 among other things
 have had
and may continue to have an adverse effect on our working capital
 total assets and stockholders&rsquo; equity. If we are unable
to achieve profitability
 the market value of our common stock would decline and there would be a material adverse effect on our
financial condition.


    
    


 our working
capital may be insufficient to support our ability to expand our business operations as rapidly as we would deem necessary at any
time
 unless we are able to obtain additional financing. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such financing
on acceptable terms
 or at all. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms
 we may not be able
to pursue our business objectives and would be required to reduce our level of operations
 including reducing infrastructure
 promotions
personnel and other operating expenses. These events could adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition.
If adequate funds are not available or if they are not available on acceptable terms
 our ability to fund the growth of our operations
take advantage of opportunities
 develop products or services or otherwise respond to competitive pressures
 could be significantly
limited.




with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 or GAAP. GAAP requires us to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our financial statements including various allowances and reserves for accounts
receivable and inventories
 the estimated lives of long-lived assets and trademarks and trademark licenses
 as well as claims and
contingencies arising out of litigation or other transactions that occur in the normal course of business. The following summarize
our most significant accounting and reporting policies and practices:

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Revenue is
recognized on the sale of a product when the product is shipped
 which is when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and
collection of the receivable is reasonably assured.&nbsp;&nbsp;A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and
credit acceptance procedures performed.&nbsp;&nbsp;The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based
on historical trends of returned items. Amounts paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.&nbsp;The
Company reimburses its wholesalers and retailers for promotional discounts
 samples and certain advertising and promotional activities
used in the promotion of the Company&rsquo;s products. The accounting treatment for the reimbursements for samples and discounts
to wholesalers results in a reduction in the net revenue line item. Reimbursements to wholesalers and retailers for certain advertising
activities are included in selling and marketing expenses.

.&nbsp;&nbsp;We
own trademarks that we consider material to our business. Three of our material trademarks are registered trademarks in the U.S.
Patent and Trademark Office: Virgil&rsquo;s &reg;
 Reed&rsquo;s Original Ginger Brew All-Natural Jamaican Style Ginger Ale &reg;
and Tianfu China Natural Soda &reg;. Registrations for trademarks in the United States will last indefinitely as long as we continue
to use and police the trademarks and renew filings with the applicable governmental offices. We have not been challenged in our
right to use any of our material trademarks in the United States. We intend to obtain international registration of certain trademarks
in foreign jurisdictions.


guidance; we do not amortize indefinite-lived trademark licenses and trademarks.


 we evaluate our
non-amortizing trademark license and trademarks quarterly for impairment. We measure impairment by the amount that the carrying
value exceeds the estimated fair value of the trademark license and trademarks. The fair value is calculated by reviewing net sales
of the various beverages and applying industry multiples. Based on our quarterly impairment analysis the estimated fair values
of trademark license and trademarks exceeded the carrying value and no impairments were identified during the year ended December
31
 2012.

. Our management regularly
reviews property
 equipment and other long-lived assets
 including identifiable amortizing intangibles
 for possible impairment.
This review occurs quarterly or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset
may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment of property and equipment or amortizable intangible assets
 then management
prepares an estimate of future cash flows  expected to result from the use of the asset
and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The fair value is estimated at the present value of the future cash flows
discounted at a rate commensurate with management&rsquo;s estimates of the business risks. Quarterly
 or earlier
 if there is indication
of impairment of identified intangible assets not subject to amortization
 management compares the estimated fair value with the
carrying amount of the asset. An impairment loss is recognized to write down the intangible asset to its fair value if it is less
than the carrying amount. Preparation of estimated expected future cash flows is inherently subjective and is based on management&rsquo;s
best estimate of assumptions concerning expected future conditions. No impairments were identified during the year ended December
31
 2012.


    
    


related to impairment of our long lived assets
 including our trademark license and trademarks
 is a &ldquo;critical accounting
estimate&rdquo; because: (1)&nbsp;it is highly susceptible to change from period to period because it requires management to estimate
fair value
 which is based on assumptions about cash flows and discount rates; and (2)&nbsp;the impact that recognizing an impairment
would have on the assets reported on our balance sheet
 as well as net income
 could be material. Management&rsquo;s assumptions
about cash flows and discount rates require significant judgment because actual revenues and expenses have fluctuated in the past
and we expect they will&nbsp;continue to do so.


 we use internal budgets.
Internal budgets are developed based on recent revenue data for existing product lines and planned timing of future introductions
of new products and their impact on our future cash flows.

. We evaluate the collectability
of our trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where we become aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to us
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded which reduces the
recognized receivable to the estimated amount our management believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on our historical losses and an overall assessment of
past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.&nbsp;

.&nbsp;&nbsp;Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost to purchase and/or manufacture the inventory or the current estimated market value of the inventory. We regularly
review our inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our estimated
forecast of product demand and/or our ability to sell the product(s) concerned and production requirements. Demand for our products
can fluctuate significantly. Factors that could affect demand for our products include unanticipated changes in consumer preferences
general market conditions or other factors
 which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction in the rate of reorders
placed by customers. Additionally
 our management&rsquo;s estimates of future product demand may be inaccurate
 which could result
in an understated or overstated provision required for excess and obsolete inventory.

We periodically
issue stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing
costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on FASB ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Compensation
&ndash; Stock Compensation&rdquo;
 whereas the award is measured at its fair value at the date of grant and is amortized ratably
over the vesting period. We account for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with
ASC Topic 718 whereby the fair value of the stock compensation is based on the measurement date as determined at either (a) the
date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or (b) at the date at which the necessary performance to earn the equity instrument
is complete.


the Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 which was developed for use in estimating the fair value of options that have no vesting
restrictions and are fully transferable. This model requires the input of subjective assumptions
 including the expected price
volatility of the underlying stock and the expected life of stock options. Projected data related to the expected volatility of
stock options is based on the historical volatility of the trading prices of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and the expected
life of stock options is based upon the average term and vesting schedules of the options. Changes in these subjective assumptions
can materially affect the fair value of the estimate
 and therefore the existing valuation models do not provide a precise measure
of the fair value of our employee stock options.




    
    




during the year ended December 31
 2012
 to the items disclosed as critical accounting policies and estimates in Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31
 2011.




 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2011-11
 &ldquo;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.&rdquo; This ASU requires
an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand
the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. ASU No. 2011-11 will be applied retrospectively and is effective for
annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013. The Company does not expect adoption of this standard
to have a material impact on its results of operations
 financial condition
 or liquidity.


issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force)
 the AICPA
 and the Securities Exchange Commission (the &quot;SEC&quot;)
did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements.




by general economic conditions
 we do not believe that inflation has a material effect on our results of operations.




 Reed&rsquo;s
is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A.



    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
    

    
    



    

    
    



    

    
    

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

    
    







    
    


Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm




 Inc.



balance sheets of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo;
equity and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the financial
statements referred to above present fairly in all material respects
 the financial position of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as of December
31
 2012 and 2011 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.





 P.A.

 California

 2013



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
 INC.




    
December
                                                                               31

December
                                                                               31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
163
000
713
000

    
5
794
000
6
099
000


 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $399
000 and $135
000
 respectively
1
961
000
1
626
000

    
201
000
168
000

    
212
000
123
000

    
9
331
000
8
729
000

    
    
    


 net of accumulated depreciation of $2
351
000 and $1
739
000
 respectively
3
422
000
3
512
000

    
1
029
000
1
029
000


 net of amortization of $50
000 and $8
000
 respectively
54
000
85
000

    
13
836
000
13
355
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
368
000
2
310
000

    
214
000
196
000

    
74
000
83
000

    
19
000
111
000

    
3
023
000
3
095
000

    
90
000
71
000

    
69
000
56
000

    
176
000
152
000

    
7
033
000
6
074
000

    
    
    


 less current portion
 net of discount of $576
000 and $626
000
 respectively
2
208
000
2
247
000


 less current portion
98
000
153
000


 less current portion
399
000
576
000

    
9
738
000
9
050
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $10 par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 10
411 and 46
621 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
104
000
466
000


 $10&nbsp;par value
 500
000 shares authorized
 45
602 and 80
415 shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
456
000
804
000


 $.0001&nbsp;par value
 19
500
000&nbsp;shares authorized
 12
084
673&nbsp;and 10
885
883&nbsp; shares issued and outstanding
 respectively
1
000
1
000

    
23
996
000
22
924
000

    
(20
459
000
(19
890
000

    
4
098
000
4
305
000

    
13
836
000
13
355
000



of these financial statements


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

For the
Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011



    
    
    

    
30
007
000
25
013
000

    
18
943
000
15
847
000

    
1
920
000
1
761
000

    
9
144
000
7
405
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
634
000
2
307
000

    
3
145
000
2
470
000

    
3
229
000
2
878
000

    
9
008
000
7
655
000

    
    
    

    
136
000
(250
000

    
    
    

    
(660
000
(691
000

    
    
    

    
(524
000
(941
000

    
    
    

    
(45
000
(65
000

    
    
    

    
(569
000
(1
006
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
11
361
053
10
785
719






of these financial statements



    
    


REED&rsquo;S
 INC.
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
EQUITY&nbsp;
For the Years Ended December 31
 2012




    
    
Series A Preferred
    Stock
Series B Preferred
    Stock
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
 December 31
 2010
10
446
090
1
000
46
621
466
000
85
766
858
000
21
701
000
(18
884
000
4
142
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair value of common&nbsp;&nbsp;stock
    issued for services and finance fees
72
873
    
    
    
    
    
146
000
    
146
000

Common stock issued
    upon conversion of Series B preferred stock
37
457
    
    
    
(5
351
(54
000
54
000
    
    

Sale of common stock
    in private offering
304
880
    
    
    
    
    
672
000
    
672
000

    
11
000
    
    
    
    
    
25
000
    
25
000

Fair value vesting of
    options issued to employees
    
    
    
    
    
    
258
000
    
258
000

Fair value of warrants
    issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
42
000
    
42
000

Series A and Series
    B preferred stock dividend
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(65
000
(65
000

Common stock paid for
    Series A and Series B preferred stock dividend
13
533
    
    
    
    
    
26
000
    
26
000

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(941
000
(941
000

Balance
 December
    31
 2011
10
885
833
1
000
46
621
466
000
80
415
804
000
22
924
000
(19
890
000
4
305
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fair Value of Common
    Stock issued for bonuses and services
14
965
    
    
    
    
    
23
000
    
23
000

Common stock issued
    upon conversion of Series A preferred stock
144
840
    
(36
210
(362
000
    
    
362
000
    
    

Common stock issued
    upon conversion of Series B preferred stock
243
691
    
    
    
(34
813
(348
000
348
000
    
    

    
347
223
    
    
    
    
    
30
000
    
30
000

    
416
048
    
    
    
    
    
147
000
    
147
000

Fair value vesting of
    options issued to employees
    
    
    
    
    
    
107
000
    
107
000

Series A and Series
    B preferred stock dividend
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(45
000
(45
000

    
32
073
    
    
    
    
    
55
000
    
55
000

Net
    Loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(524
000
(524
000

Balance
 December
    31
 2012
12
084
673
1
000
10
411
104
000
45
602
456
000
23
996
000
20
459
000
4
098
000





of these financial statements


    
    


REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

For the Years Ended December 31
 2012
and 2011



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(524
000
(941
000

    
    
    

    
738
000
653
000

    
107
000
258
000

    
    
42
000

    
23
000
131
000

    
264
000
30
000

    
    
    

    
(599
000
(361
000

    
305
000
(1
544
000

    
(122
000
(75
000

    
1
058
000
(276
000

    
19
000
34
000

    
(92
000
(215
000

    
1
177
000
(2
264
000

    
    
    

    
(507
000
(356
000

    
(507
000
(356
000

    
    
    


 net of offering costs
    
672
000

    
177
000
25
000

    
(44
000
(65
000

    
    
750
000

    
(153
000
(22
000

    
(71
000
(54
000

    
(57
000
(43
000

    
(72
000
3
404
000

    
    
(2
347
000

    
    
(71
000

    
(220
000
2
249
000

    
450
000
(371
000

    
713
000
1
084
000

    
1
163
000
713
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
668
000
671
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
362
000
    

    
348
000
54
000

    
55
000
26
000

    
74
000
42
000

    
15
000
-67
000

    
    
15
000



of these financial statements


    
    

REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2012
AND 2011



    
    




    
    
    



 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage
Corporation to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily
in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.
The Company currently offers seven Reed&rsquo;s Ginger Brew flavors (Extra
 Original
 Premium
 Light 55 Calorie Extra
 Cherry Ginger
Raspberry Ginger and Spiced Apple Ginger); Reed&rsquo;s Energy Elixir; five Virgil&rsquo;s beverages (Root Beer
 Cream Soda
 Orange
Cream Soda
 Black Cherry Cream Soda
 and Real Cola); four zero calorie Virgil&rsquo;s versions; two China Cola beverages (regular
and cherry); two Sonoma Sparkler sparkling juices; three kinds of &nbsp;ginger candies (crystallized ginger
 ginger chews and peanut
butter ginger chews); and three flavors of ginger ice cream (Original
 Green Tea
 and Chocolate). In 2011 the Company introduced
its nausea relief product and reformulated its Virgil&rsquo;s diet products into its new ZERO line with stevia natural sweetener.
In 2012 the company introduced its kombucha line with four flavors.


in upscale gourmet and natural food stores and supermarket chains in the United States and Canada.





    
    
    



financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates. Those estimates and assumptions include estimates for reserves of uncollectible
accounts
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded
intangibles
 accruals for potential liabilities and assumptions made in valuing stock instruments issued for services.



    
    
    



of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes aware of a specific customer&rsquo;s
inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces
the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&rsquo;s historical losses and an overall
assessment of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.


doubtful accounts and returns and discounts is established through a provision reducing  the carrying value of receivables.
Receivables are charged off against the allowance when payments are received or products returned. The allowance for doubtful
accounts and returns and discounts as of December 31
 2012 was approximately $399
000 and December 31
 2011 was approximately
$135
000.



    
    
    



cost. Depreciation is calculated using accelerated and straight-line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



equipment and other long-lived assets for possible impairment. This review occurs quarterly
 or more frequently if events or changes
in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management
prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset
and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized
to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company did not recognize impairment for the years ended December 31
2012 and 2011.



    
    
    



in accordance with FASB ASU Topic 350 &ldquo;Intangibles &ndash; Goodwill and Other&rdquo;. Intangible assets consist mostly of
brand names and are deemed to have indefinite lives not subject to annual amortization. Intangible assets
 which have finite lives
are amortized on a straight-line basis over their remaining useful life; they are also subject to annual impairment reviews.


assets for possible impairment. This review occurs quarterly
 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate
the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate
of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual
disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized to write down
the asset to its estimated fair value. No impairments were identified for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.



    
    
    



are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation up to $250
000 at December 31
 2012. The Company may be exposed to
risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
 the Company&rsquo;s
policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances in excess of the guarantee
during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


 2012
 the Company had&nbsp;two
customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year ended December 31
 2011
the Company had&nbsp;two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 11% of its sales
 respectively. No other customer accounted
for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2012 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who
comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2011 the Company had accounts
receivable due from two customers who comprised $475
000 (27%)
 $264
000 (15%)
 respectively
 of its total accounts receivable.


for a majority of its production and bottling of beverage products. The Company has different packers available for their production
of products. Although there are other packers and the Company has outfitted their own brewery and bottling plant
 a change in packers
may cause a delay in the production process
 which could ultimately affect operating results.



    
    
    



value of its investments and measures these assets on a recurring basis. Financial assets recorded at fair value in the balance
sheets are categorized by the level of objectivity associated with the inputs used to measure their fair value. Authoritative guidance
provided by the FASB defines the following levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs to
fair valuation of these financial assets:


for identical assets or liabilities.

 other than the quoted
prices in active markets
 that are observable either directly or indirectly.

on the Company's assumptions.


recorded to be valued on the basis above at December 31
 2012 and 2011.


    
    




    
    
    




utilized in the manufacture of products
 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal

to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off.
Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis
 which is lower than the actual
costs incurred. Plant costs in excess of production allocations are expensed in the period incurred rather than added to the cost
of finished goods produced. Expenses not related to the production of our products are classified as operating expenses.



    
    
    



of purchasing and receiving costs
 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs
 and other costs associated with
product distribution after manufacture and are included as part of operating expenses.



    
    
    



amount of income taxes expected to be payable for the current year. A deferred income tax asset or liability is established for
the expected future consequences of temporary differences in the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The
Company considers future taxable income and ongoing
 prudent and feasible tax planning strategies
 in assessing the value of its
deferred tax assets. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized
 the Company
will reduce the value of these assets to their expected realizable value
 thereby decreasing net income. Evaluating the value of
these assets is necessarily based on the Company&rsquo;s judgment. If the Company subsequently determined that the deferred tax
assets
 which had been written down
 would be realized in the future
 the value of the deferred tax assets would be increased
thereby increasing net income in the period when that determination was made.



    
    
    



of a product when the product is shipped
 which is when the risk of loss transfers to our customers
 and collection of the receivable
is reasonably assured. A product is not shipped without an order from the customer and credit acceptance procedures performed.
The allowance for returns is regularly reviewed and adjusted by management based on historical trends of returned items. Amounts
paid by customers for shipping and handling costs are included in sales.


incentives
 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011 approximated $2
345
000 and $1
463
000
 respectively.



    
    
    



computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of Common
Stock outstanding during the year. Diluted earnings (loss) per share is computed by dividing the net income (loss) applicable to
Common Stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus the number of additional common shares that
would have been outstanding if all dilutive potential common shares had been issued
 using the treasury stock method. Potential
common shares are excluded from the computation as their effect is antidilutive.


 2012 and 2011
 the calculations
of basic and diluted loss per share are the same because potential dilutive securities would have an anti-dilutive effect. The
potentially dilutive securities consisted of the following as of:



    



    
    
    

    
317
253
2
006
870

    
41
644
186
484

    
319
214
562
905

    
607
000
1
172
000

    
1
285
111
3
928
259



    
    




    
    
    



incurred and are included in selling expense in the amount of $111
000 and $25
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
respectively.



    
    
    



issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services and for financing
costs. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to employees based on Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) ASC Topic 718
 &ldquo;Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation&rdquo;
 whereas the award is measured at its fair value
at the date of grant and is amortized ratably over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants
issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718 whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon
the measurement date as determined at either (a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached
 or (b) at the date at which
the necessary performance to earn the equity instruments is complete.



    
    
    




 the FASB issued
ASU No. 2011-11
 &ldquo;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.&rdquo; This ASU requires
an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial statements to understand
the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. ASU No. 2011-11 will be applied retrospectively and is effective for
annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013. The Company does not expect adoption of this standard
to have a material impact on its results of operations
 financial condition
 or liquidity.


issued by the FASB (including its Emerging Issues Task Force)
 the AICPA
 and the Securities Exchange Commission (the &quot;SEC&quot;)
did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future financial statements.



    
    
    



statement of operations for the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company previously presented $2
307
000 of delivery and handling
expenses as part of cost of goods sold. In presenting the Company&rsquo;s statement of operations for the year ended December 31
2012
 the Company has reclassified the 2011 delivery and handling expenses to operating expenses.


    
    




    
    



 first-out)
or market
 and is comprised of the following as of:



    
December 31

December
                                                                               31


    
3
524
000
3
538
000

    
2
270
000
2
561
000

    
5
794
000
6
099
000




    
    



equipment is comprised of the following as of:



    
December 31

December
                                                                               31


    
1
108
000
1
108
000

    
1
737
000
1
708
000

    
320
000
320
000

    
2
174
000
1
702
000

    
434
000
413
000

    
5
773
000
5
251
000

    
(2
351
000
(1
739
000

    
3
422
000
3
512
000



31
 2012 and 2011 was $612
000 and $561
000
 respectively.


 2012 and 2011 includes
equipment held under capital leases of $309
000 and $294
000
 respectively. Accumulated depreciation on equipment held under leases
was $149
000 and 104
000 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



    
    





for natural beverages. As long as the Company continues to renew its trademarks
 these intangible assets will have an indefinite
life. Accordingly
 they are not subject to amortization.




following as of:


    
December
                                                                               31

December
                                                                               31


    
80
000
135
000

    
(26
000
(50
000

    
54
000
85
000



ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was approximately $75
000 and $42
000 respectively.


    
    


fees is as follows for the years ending December 31:



    
    

    
41
000

    
8
000

    
3
000

    
2
000

    
54
000




    
    



 2011
 the Company entered
into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group

replaced the Company&rsquo;s existing RLOC and added a $750
000 term loan to the credit (see Note 7). The RLOC initially was for
$3 million
. The interest
rate on the revolving line of credit is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31
 2012). The three-year Agreement is secured
by all of the unencumbered assets of the Corporation. There is an early termination fee of 2% of the maximum revolver amount during
the first two years and 1% of the maximum revolver during the third year. The Agreement includes a financial covenant debt service
coverage ratio that is effective if the credit availability under the RLOC falls below $100
000. On November 30
 2011
 the maximum
RLOC amount was temporarily raised to $3.5 million

 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s revolving line of credit was
increased from $3
000
000 to $4
000
000. At December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the aggregate amount outstanding under the
line of credit was $3
023
000 and $3
095
000 respectively
 and the Company had approximately $
000
of availability on this line of credit at December 31
 2012. The line of credit expires on November 7
 2014 and is secured by substantially
all of the Company&rsquo;s assets. 



    
    



as of:



    



    
    
    

    
2
874
000
2
944
000

    
(576
000
(626
000

    
2
298
000
2
318
000

    
(90
000
(71
000

    
2
208
000
2
247
000



 2009
 the Company
closed escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into a long-term lease agreement
for the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase the buildings and brewery
equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of the fair market value or an
agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company determined it had continuing
involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted for as a long-term financing.
The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation in the amount of $3
056
000.
Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in the financing obligation at
an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation is personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000 by the principal shareholder
and Chief Executive Officer
 Christopher J. Reed.


obligation
 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at $1.20 per share for five years.
The 400
000 warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black Scholes option pricing model. The
following assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to $2.25; term of 5 years; volatility
of 91.36% to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000 warrants were recorded as valuation
discount and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization of valuation discount was $50
000
during both of the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


    
    


obligation at December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $2
874
000 and $2
944
000
 respectively.


obligation are as follows:



    
    

    
90
000

    
111
000

    
134
000

    
161
000

    
190
000

    
2
188
000

    
2
874
000




    
    



and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC (see Note 5)
 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan is for
$750
000
 bears interest at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 which shall not be below 14.85%
 is secured by all of the unencumbered assets
of the Company
 and is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal and interest of $21
000.



    



    
    
    

    
575
000
728
000

    
(176
000
(152
000

    
399
000
576
000



are as follows:



    
    

    
176
000

    
204
000

    
195
000

    
575
000




    
    



for its brewery operations with an aggregate value of $294
000 under eight non-cancelable capital leases. Most of the leases are
personally guaranteed by the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer. Monthly payments range from $341 to $1
680 per month
 including
interest
 at interest rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.32% per annum. At December 31
 2012
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated
$7
000. The leases expire at various dates through 2016.


leases are as follows:





    

    
92
000

    
71
000

    
28
000

    
14
000

    
205
000

    
38
000

    
    

    
167
000

    
69
000

    
98
000



    
    




    
    







consists of 500
000&nbsp;shares authorized to Series&nbsp;A
 $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred
stock. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 there were 10
411 and 46
621 shares outstanding
 respectively
 with a liquidation
preference of $10.00 per share.


a 5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend. The dividend can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board
of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of
our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative
dividend to which they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions
of dividends on an &ldquo;as converted&rdquo; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012
the Company accrued and paid a $16
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to
pay through the issuance of 4
760 shares of its common stock; and during the year ended December 31
 2011 the Company accrued and
paid a $23
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance
of 11
455 shares of its common stock.


dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders
of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders
of any of our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall
be distributed pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem
all or any portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
which was $10.00
 plus all accrued and unpaid dividends.


may be converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four
shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
reclassification and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock
a sufficient number of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During the year
ended December 31
 2012
 36
210 shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into 144
840 shares of common stock and in 2011
no shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into shares of common stock.


 the
holders of our Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election
of directors. However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining
the approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having
a preference over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other
security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.




of 500
000&nbsp;shares authorized to Series&nbsp;B
 $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of
December 31
 2012 and 2011 there were 45
602 and 80
415 shares outstanding
 respectively.


 2011
 the Company
completed a standby offering of 12
780 shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 for gross proceeds
of $127
800. In connection with the offering
 the Company also issued warrants to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock at $1.79
per share for five years. The Company paid legal and broker fees of approximately $11
000 in connection with the offering
 resulting
in net proceeds to the Company of $117
000.

These
preferred shares have a 5% pro-rata annual non-cumulative dividend payable quarterly for a period of three years. The dividend
can be paid in cash or
 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then
fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until
the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. During the year ended
December 31
 2012
 $29
000 in dividends were accrued and $38
000 of dividends were paid by the issuance of 27
313 shares of common
stock
During
the year ended December 31
 2011
 $42
000 in dividends were accrued and $3
000 of dividends were paid by the issuance of 2
078
shares of common stock.


    
    


dissolution or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders
of our more senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders
of any of our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall
be distributed pro rata among all of our security holders.


may be converted
 at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into seven
shares of common stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
reclassification and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock
a sufficient number of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock. During the year
ended December 31
 2012
 34
813 shares of preferred stock were converted into 243
691 shares of common stock. During the year ended
December 31
 2011
 5
351 shares of Series B preferred stock were converted into 37
457 shares of common stock.


 the
holders of our Series B preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election
of directors. However
 so long as any shares of Series B preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining
the approval of at least a majority of the holders of the Series B preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having
a preference over the Series B preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting
 including any other
security convertible into or exercisable for any equity security other than any senior preferred stock.




 19
500
000&nbsp;shares
authorized
 12
084
673 shares&nbsp;issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 10
885
833 shares&nbsp;issued and outstanding
as of December&nbsp;31
 2011.


 2011 the Company
sold 304
880 shares of common stock at $2.46 per share for $750
000. In connection with the sale
 the Company granted to the investors
warrants to purchase 121
952 shares of common stock for $2.77 for five years. The Company paid an 8% placement agent fee of $60
000.
The Company received proceeds from the private placement
 after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses
 of $672
000.
On March 25
 2011
 the Registration Statement of the common stock to be sold and the common stock underlying the warrants with
the Securities and Exchange Commission was declared effective
 in accordance with the Registration Rights Agreement.


 2011
 the Company
issued 63
873 shares of common stock for services rendered at prices ranging from $1.32 to $2.69 per share with a value of $131
000.
During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 9
000 shares of common stock at a price of $1.75 with a value of $15
000
for financing fees related to the capital leases. The value of the shares has been recorded as deferred financing fees and are
being amortized over the term of the capital leases.


 2012
 the Company
issued 14
965 shares of common stock for services rendered at prices ranging from $1.13 to $2.17 per share with a value of $23
000.



    
    




    
    
    



 the Company adopted the Original
Beverage Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and
 in 2007
 the Company adopted the Reed&rsquo;s Inc 2007 Stock Option Plan (the
&ldquo;Plans&rdquo;). The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Compensation Committee. Individuals
eligible to receive options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options
shall have a fixed price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number
of options authorized is 500
000 and 1
500
000
 respectively for the Original Beverage Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and the
Reed&rsquo;s Inc 2007 Stock Option Plan.


    
    


2012 and 2011
 the Company granted 10
000 and 437
000 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company's common stock at a weighted
price of $1.85 and a weighted average price of $1.48
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The aggregate value of the options
vesting
 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $112
000 and $210
000
 respectively
 and has
been reflected as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2012
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $145
000
 which will
be amortized as compensation cost as the options vest
 over 2 - 3 years.


 2012
 the
Company repriced 20
000 employee options to an exercise price of $1.83
 which were previously $2.43 per share and $2.06 per
share. The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing was $3
000. On December 23
 2011
 the
Company repriced 20
000 employee options to an exercise price of $1.14
 which were previously $2.06 per share; and extended
the termination date of 420
000 employee options until December 22
 2016. Such options previously were to expire on dates
that were between 8 months and 48 months from the extension date. The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a
result of the repricing and extensions
 was $53
000; of which $48
000 was recognized in the year ended December 31
 2011 and
$5
000 in the year ended December 31
 2012. During the year ended December 31
 2012 there were 408
334 options exercised at
an average price of $1.05
 resulting in proceeds to the Company of $30
000. Most of such exercises were cash-less
 resulting
in no proceeds to the Company. During the year ended December 31
 2011 there were 8
333 stock options exercised at a price of
$0.75 per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $6
000.


value of options granted during 2012 and 2011 was $0.40 and $0.66
 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated
on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For purposes
of determining the expected life of the option
 an average of the estimated holding period is used. The risk-free rate for periods
within the contractual life of the options is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



as of December 31
 2012 and changes during the two years then ended is presented below:



    
    
Exercise
                                                                                                                                                                                          Price
Terms
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            (Years)
    


 2010

000
    
    
    

    

000
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

000)
    
    
    


 2011

172
000
    
    
    

    

000
    
    
    

    

334)
    
    
    

    

666)
    
    
    


 2012

000
    
    
2
668
000


 2012

165
    
    
1
847
000



668
000 and $1
847
000
were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&rsquo;s stock
 which was $5.68
as of December 31
 2012.


    
    


shares granted under the Company&rsquo;s stock option plan as of December 31
 2012 and changes during the year then ended is presented
below:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2011

000
    

    

000
    

    

276)
    

    

888)
    

    
    
    


 2012

836
    



options outstanding as of December 31
 2012 is as follows:



    

 2012
December 31
 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

000
    
    

831
    

    

000
    
    

334
    

    

000
    
    

165
    




    
    
    



 2011
 the Company granted warrants
to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock to a dealer-manager in connection with the placement of its Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock. The warrants are exercisable for five years at an exercise price of $1.79. On February 22
 2011
 the Company granted warrants
to purchase 83
208 shares of common stock to investors who purchased 277
359 shares of its common stock. The warrants are exercisable
for five years at an exercise price of $2.10.


 2011
 the Company granted warrants
in connection with a placement of 304
880 shares of its common stock to purchase 121
952 shares of common stock for $2.77 for a
term of five years. In connection with the same placement
 the Company also granted warrants to purchase 24
390 shares of common
stock to a dealer-manager at a price of $3.075 for five years. In February 2011
 11
000 warrants were exercised at a price of $2.25
per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $25
000.


 2011
 the Company granted to a consultant
250
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a price of $3.00 for five years. The warrants vest monthly over 24 months. In October
2011
 the consultant agreement was terminated
 so no further vesting shall occur on these warrants. During the year ended December
31
 2011
 62
500 of such warrants vested
 resulting in expense of $42
000
 and 187
500 of such warrants were forfeited.


 2012 there were
574
622 warrants exercised at prices between $1.20 per share and $3.08 per share (an average price of $1.61)
 resulting in proceeds
to the Company of $147
000 and 416
328 shares of common stock issued.



    
    


for the two years ended December 31
 2012:



    
    
    
    
    


 2010

009
028
    
    
    

    

342
    
    
    

    

000)
    
    
    

    

500)
    
    
    


 2011

006
870
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

622)
    
    
    

    

114
995)
    
    
    


 2012

253
    
    

906
000


 2012

253
    
    

906
000



906
000
was calculated
 as of December 31
 2012
 as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&rsquo;s
stock
 which was $5.68 as of December 31
 2012.


estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table.
Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company. For purposes of determining the expected life of the
warrant
 the full contract life of the warrant is used. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the warrants
is based on the U. S. Treasury yield in effect at the time of the grant.&nbsp;



    



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



value of warrants granted during 2011 was $0 and $0.98 respectively. There were no warrants granted in 2012.


outstanding warrants to purchase Common Stock at December 31
 2012:



    
    
    

83
208
    
    

116
565
    
    

117
480
    
    

317
253
    
    




    
    



 2012 and 2011
 the
Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income. The amounts available
were approximately $16.5 million and $16.2 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $12.5 million and $12.3 million for
state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires in 2018. Given the Company&rsquo;s
history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to
realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly
 the Company has not recognized a deferred tax asset for this benefit.


    
    




January 1
 2007
 the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected
to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit
from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the
taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from
such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized
upon ultimate settlement. This guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income
taxes
 accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2012 and
2011
 the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
 and no adjustment was required at adoption.


to record interest and penalties on uncertain tax provisions as income tax expense. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company
has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally
 tax years 2007 through 2012 remain open
to examination by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.



by the Company
 management will assess the likelihood of realizing the tax benefit associated with the use of the carryforwards
and&nbsp;will recognize a deferred tax asset at that time.


income tax assets are as follows as of:



    

 

 

    
    
    

    
6
000
000
6
150
000

    
(6
000
000
(6
150
000

    
    
    



the U.S.&nbsp;statutory rate is as follows:



    
    

    



    
    
    

    
    
    


 net of federal benefit
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    





under non-cancelable operating leases. Rental expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $237
000 and $129
000
respectively.


as of December 31
 2012 are as follows:





    

    
181
000

    
186
000

    
138
000

    
138
000

    
131
000

    
774
000





contracts with customers with clauses that commit the Company to pay fees if the Company terminates the agreement early or
without cause. The contracts call for the customer to have the right to distribute the Company&rsquo;s products to a defined
type of retailer within a defined geographic region. If the Company should terminate the contract or not automatically renew
the agreements without cause
 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has no plans to
terminate or not renew any agreement with any of their customers; therefore
 no fees have been accrued in the accompanying
financial statements.


    
    




    
    



 we are a
party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these
claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and provides for potential losses on such litigation if the amount of
the loss is estimable and the loss is probable.


 2005 through
April 7
 2006
 we issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering. These securities represented
all of the shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006. These shares issued in connection
with the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either federal or state securities laws
 or both
 and may
be subject to rescission.


 2006
 we made
a rescission offer to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
 pursuant to which we offered
to repurchase these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission offer on September 18
 2006
the rescission offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate of $119
000
 including
statutory interest. The shares that were tendered for rescission were agreed to be purchased by others and not from our funds.


provide that a rescission offer will terminate a purchaser&rsquo;s right to rescind a sale of stock that was not registered as
required or was not otherwise exempt from such registration requirements. With respect to the offerees who rejected the rescission
offer
 we may continue to be liable under Federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal to the value of all shares
of common stock issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we may be required to pay. If
it is determined that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state law
 or securing an exemption
from registration
 regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these laws. However
 we believe
the rescission offer provides us with additional meritorious defenses against any future claims relating to these shares.


 we
believe that there are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and
claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material
adverse impact on our financial position
 liquidity
 or results of operations.



    
    



31
 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between
the Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement
remains in effect until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month.
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $15
000
 and during the year ended December 31
2011
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $66
000.



    
    



January 1
 2013 until February 20
 2013
 Company employees exercised 51
665 options at prices between $0.86 and $2.02
 and received
proceeds of $30
000 and issued 47
867 shares of common stock. On January 23
 2013 the Company issued 1
189 shares of common stock
as a cashless exercise of a warrant for 2
000 shares at $2.25.


of February 15
 2013
 the Company declared a mandatory conversion of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The company issued
319
214 shares of common stock in exchange for the remaining 45
602 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding.
The Company also issued 47
890 shares of common stock to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shareholders as payment of dividends
that had accrued in the amount of $1.05 per share.


 2013
 the Company
granted stock options to employees for 256
000 shares with an exercise price of $4.00 per share
 the market closing price of
its common stock on the grant date with a fair value of approximately $287
000.



    
    


Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure





Management&rsquo;s Annual Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting





of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f).&nbsp;Based on this
evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures were effective as of December 31
 2012.

Changes in Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 


internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2012 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.


Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Our management

over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of
records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
(ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.


 internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree
of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. In making this assessment
 we used the criteria set forth by the Committee
. Based on
our assessment we concluded that
 as of December 31
 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting was effective.


for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act
 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section
 and is not incorporated
by reference into any filing of the Company
 whether made before or after the date hereof
 regardless of any general incorporation
language in such filing.






    
    






    
Directors
    Executive Officers
 Promoters
 Control Persons and Corporate Governance; Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act





have terms which will end at our next annual meeting of the stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualify
 subject
to their death
 resignation or removal. Officers serve at the discretion of the board of directors. Our board members are encouraged
to attend meetings of the board of directors and the annual meeting of stockholders. The board of directors held nine meetings
in 2012. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our current directors and executive officers:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




Christopher J.
 founded our company in 1987.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Reed has served as our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer
since our incorporation in 1991. Mr. Reed also served as Chief Financial Officer during fiscal year 2007 until October 1
 2007
and again from April 17
 2008 to January 19
 2010. Mr. Reed has been responsible for our design and products
 including the original
product recipes
 the proprietary brewing process and the packaging and marketing strategies.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Reed received a B.S.
in Chemical Engineering in 1980 from Rennselaer Polytechnic Institute in Troy
 New York.


was appointed as Chief Financial Officer effective January 19
 2009. Mr. Linesch served as the chief financial officer of AdStar
Inc.
 a public company providing ad placement services and payment processing software for publishers
 from February 2006 until
January 2009.&nbsp; He performed transaction intermediary services with MET Advisors
 LLC from January 2005 until January 2006.&nbsp;&nbsp;From
June 2000 to October 2004
 he served as chief financial officer of DynTek
 Inc.
 an information technology (IT) services company.&nbsp;&nbsp;From
May 1996 until October 1999
 he served as chief financial officer and president of CompuMed
 Inc.&nbsp;&nbsp;He also served as
chief financial officer of Universal Self Care
 Inc. from June 1991 until May 1996.&nbsp; Mr. Linesch is a certified public accountant
(CPA)
 having practiced with Price Waterhouse in Los Angeles.&nbsp; He earned a BS degree in finance from California State University
Northridge
 and an MBA from the University of Southern California.


has been our Chief Operating Officer since May 2007.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior to joining us
 Mr. Foucaut worked for six years as Chief
Operating Officer of Village Imports
 a $30 million specialty foods and beverage distributor in California
 where he created and
launched a line of sparkling lemonades and managed the company&rsquo;s operations including multiple warehouses and fleets of DSD
delivery trucks.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Foucaut spent 2000 with Eve.com
 a leading San Francisco website specializing in retail sales of
high-end cosmetics.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Foucaut worked for L&rsquo;Or&eacute;al Paris from 1994 through 1999 with growing marketing
and sales responsibilities
 including Product Manager from September 1994 to May 1996
 South Europe Marketing Coordinator from
June 1996 to July 1998 and Duty Free Key Account Executive from July 1998 to December 1999
 managing large airport and airline
clients over several European countries.&nbsp;&nbsp;He earned a Master of Science degree from Ecole Centrale Paris in 1988
 and
an MBA from Harvard Business School in 1994.


    
    

Judy Holloway
 has been with us since 1992 and
 as we have grown
 has run the accounting
 purchasing and shipping and receiving departments
at various times since the 1990s.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. Reed has been one of our directors since June 2004
 and our Secretary since October
1996.&nbsp;&nbsp;In the 1980s
 Ms. Reed managed media tracking for a Los Angeles Infomercial Media Buying Group and was an account
manager with a Beverly Hills
 California stock portfolio management company.&nbsp;&nbsp;She earned a Business Degree from MIU in
1981.&nbsp;&nbsp;Ms. Reed is the wife of Christopher J. Reed
 our Chairman
 President and Chief Executive Officer.


has been a member of our board of directors since April 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;Mr. Harris is an independent venture capitalist and has
been retired from the work force since 2002.&nbsp;&nbsp;In late 2003
 Mr. Harris joined a group of Amgen colleagues in funding
NeoStem
 Inc.
 a company involved in stem-cell storage
 archiving
 and research to which he is a founding investor.&nbsp;&nbsp;From
1991 to 2002
 Mr. Harris worked at Amgen
 Inc. (Nasdaq: AMGN)
 a preeminent biotech company
 managing much of Amgen&rsquo;s media
production for internal use and public relations. Mr. Harris spent the decade prior working in the aerospace industry at Northrop
with similar responsibilities.

Daniel S.J. Muffoletto
 has been a member of our board of directors from April 2005 to December 2006 and from January 2007 to the present.&nbsp;&nbsp;Dr.
Muffoletto has practiced as a Naturopathic Physician since 1986.&nbsp;&nbsp;He has served as chief executive officer of Its Your
Earth
 a natural products marketing company since June 2004.&nbsp;&nbsp;From 2003 to 2005
 Dr. Muffoletto worked as Sales and Marketing
Director for Worthington
 Moore &amp; Jacobs
 a Commercial Law League member firm serving FedEx
 UPS
 DHL and Kodak
 among others.&nbsp;&nbsp;From
2001 to 2003
 he was the owner-operator of the David St. Michel Art Gallery in Montreal
 Qu&eacute;bec.&nbsp;&nbsp;From 1991 to
2001
 Dr. Muffoletto was the owner/operator of a Naturopathic Apothecary
 Herbal Alter*Natives of Seattle
 Washington and Ellicott
City
 Maryland.&nbsp;&nbsp;The apothecary housed Dr. Muffoletto&rsquo;s Naturopathic practice.&nbsp;&nbsp;Dr. Muffoletto received
a Bachelors of Arts degree in Government and Communications from the University of Baltimore in 1977
 and conducted postgraduate
work in the schools of Public Administration and Publication Design at the University of Baltimore from 1978 to 1979. In 1986
he received his Doctorate of Naturopathic Medicine from the Santa Fe Academy of Healing
 Santa Fe
 New Mexico.


has been a member of our board of directors since April 2005.&nbsp;&nbsp;Since 1998
 Mr. Fischman has been President and chief
executive officer of the APEX course
 the corporate training division of the International Association of Human Values.&nbsp;&nbsp;In
addition
 Mr. Fischman is a founding member and the director of training for USA at the Art of Living Foundation
 a global non-profit
educational and humanitarian organization at which he has coordinated over 200 personal development instructors since 1997.




of Christopher J. Reed
 and Judy Holloway Reed
 Christopher Reed&rsquo;s wife and a board member
 none of our directors or executive
officers are related to one another.




knowledge

to Reed&rsquo;s
 have any material interest adverse to Reed&rsquo;s or have
 during the past ten years: 


been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
traffic violations and other minor offenses);


had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against him/her or any business of which he/she was a general
partner or executive officer
 either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;


been subject to any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his/her
involvement in any type of business
 securities
 futures
 commodities or banking activities;


    
    





    
    

 the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
 suspended
 or vacated;

    
    
    

    
    
    

 or party to
 any judicial
        or administrative order
 judgment
 decree 
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged
        violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation
 (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial
        institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or
        restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any
        law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or been the subject of
 or a
        party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined
        in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
        Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
        over its members or persons associated with a member.

 or party to
 any judicial
        or administrative order
 judgment
 decree 
 or finding
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 relating to an alleged
        violation of (i) any Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation
 (ii) any law or regulation respecting financial
        institutions or insurance companies including
 but not limited to
 a temporary or permanent injunction
 order of disgorgement or
        restitution
 civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order
 or removal or prohibition order or (iii) any
        law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or been the subject of
 or a
        party to
 any sanction or order
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any self-regulatory organization (as defined
        in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)))
 any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity
        Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)))
 or any equivalent exchange
 association
 entity or organization that has disciplinary authority
        over its members or persons associated with a member.





We
are committed to having sound corporate governance principles. We believe that such principles are essential to running our business
There have been no changes
to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.




directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values
 consistent with our longstanding values and standards.
They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing stockholder
value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience.
Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them
 given their individual circumstances
to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering
potential director candidates
 the board of directors also considers the candidate&rsquo;s character
 judgment
 diversity
 age
and skills
 including financial literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the board of directors.




has determined that three members of our board of directors
 Mr. Harris
 Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman
 are independent under
the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual. We intend to maintain at least three independent directors on our board of directors
in the future.




Officer and all senior financial officers
 including the Chief Financial Officer
 are bound by a Code of Ethics that complies with
Item 406 of Regulation S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.reedsinc.com.


    
    




Annual Report
 our board of directors has five directors and the following three standing committees: an Audit Committee
 a Compensation
Committee and a Nominations and Governance Committee. These committees were formed in January 2007.

Audit
 Our Audit Committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes
 internal systems of accounting
and financial controls
 relationships with independent auditors and audits of financial statements. Specific responsibilities include
the following:



    
    
selecting
 hiring and terminating our independent auditors;

    
    
    

    
    
evaluating the qualifications
 independence and performance of our independent auditors;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing the design
 implementation
 adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls and critical accounting policies;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
reviewing with management and our independent auditors
 any earnings announcements and other public announcements regarding our results of operations; and

    
    
    

    
    
    



is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto
 Mr. Harris and Mr. Fischman. Dr. Muffoletto serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. The board
of directors has determined that the three members of the Audit Committee are independent under the rules of the SEC and the New
York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and that Dr. Muffoletto qualifies as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert
&rdquo;
as defined by the rules of the SEC. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Audit Committee meeting applicable
standards of the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange.

Compensation
 Our Compensation Committee assists our board of directors in determining and developing plans for the compensation
of our officers
 directors and employees. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto
 Mr. Harris and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors&nbsp;has determined that all of the members
of the Compensation Committee are independent under New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual Section 303A.02. In affirmatively
determining the independence of a director who will serve on the compensation committee
 the Company&rsquo;s board considered all
factors specifically relevant to whether the director has a relationship to the Company which is material to the director&rsquo;s
ability to be independent from management in connection with the duties of a committee member
 including
 without limitation: (1)
the source of compensation of the director
 including any consulting
 advisory or other compensatory fee paid by the Company; and
(2) whether the director is affiliated with the Company
 or an affiliate of the Company.


has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee.

Nominations
 Our Nominations and Governance Committee assists the board of directors by identifying and
recommending individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors
 reviewing correspondence from our stockholders
and establishing
 evaluating and overseeing our corporate governance guidelines. Specific responsibilities include the following:



    
    
evaluating the composition
 size and governance of our board of directors and its committees and making recommendations regarding future planning and the appointment of directors to our committees;

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Governance Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined that all of the members
of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.
Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Nominations and Corporate Governance Committee.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) requires our directors and executive officers and
beneficial holders of more than 10% of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our equity securities.


 based
solely upon a review of 
4
 and amendments

from the reporting persons
 we believe that during the year ended December 31
 2012 our directors
 executive officers and persons
who own more than 10% of our common stock complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements.


    
    




for fiscal years 2012 and 2011 received by our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer and chief operating officer
who are the only executive officers of the Company in fiscal year 2012
 our &ldquo;Named Executive Officers&rdquo;.




        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    
    

        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
    
    

        
        
        
        
        
    
    

        
        
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
 Chief Executive Officer
        
        
    
    
    
217
000
    
    
    
4
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
616
    
    
    
221
000
    

    
    
    
    
190
000
    
    
    
3
045
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
616
    
    
    
216
661
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 Chief Financial Officer
    
    
    
181
009
    
    
    
29
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
210
009
    

    
    
    
    
175
400
    
    
    
3
045
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;15
200
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
193
645
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 Chief Operating Officer 
    
    
    
184
154
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
184
154
    

    
    
    
    
180
000
    
    
    
3
045
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
9
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
192
545
    




    
The amounts represent the fair value for all share-based payment awards
 calculated on the date of grant in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards
 excluding any impact of assumed forfeiture rates.&nbsp;&nbsp; 

    
    




There
are no employment agreements with our executive officers. Mr. Reed is currently paid an annual Salary of $190
000; Mr. Linesch
is currently paid an annual salary of $175
000; and Mr. Foucaut is currently paid an annual salary of $180
000. Any bonuses are
discretionary. In the event of a sale of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 should Mr. Linesch&rsquo;s employment terminate during the first 12
months after the sale
 he will be entitled to three months severance based on his compensation level at that time.&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    

Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal
Year-End


sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer outstanding
as of December 31
 2012.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Christopher J. Reed
 
Chief Executive Officer 
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
25
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

James Linesch
 
Chief Financial Officer
    
    
13
333
    
    
    
6
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Thierry Foucaut

Chief Operating Officer
    
    
12
500
    
    
    
12
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
25
000 will vest on 12/23/13

    
25
000 vested on 01/03/12.

    
6
667 will vest on 12/30/13

    
20
000 will vest on 12/23/13

    
12
500 will vest on 12/23/13





summarizes the compensation paid to our directors for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012:






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
Since November 2007
 Dr. Muffoletto receives $833 per month to serve as the Chairman of the Audit Committee.




 Management and Related Stockholder Matters


reflects
 as of March 7
 2013
 the beneficial common stock ownership of: (a) each of our directors
 (b) each of our current named
executive officers
 (c) each person known by us to be a beneficial holder of 5% or more of our common stock
 and (d) all of our
executive officers and directors as a group.


indicated below
 the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
held by them.&nbsp;&nbsp;Unless otherwise indicated
 the principal address of each listed executive officer and director is 13000
South Spring Street
 Los Angeles
 California 90061.


    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
615
475
    

    
1
615
475
    

    
9
363
    


 N.D.
    
    

    
    
    

    
112
921
    

    
70
049
    

    
    
    

    
1
807
808
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
800
000
    

*
&nbsp; Less than 1%.



    
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC.&nbsp;&nbsp;Shares of common stock subject to options or warrants currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of&nbsp;March 8
 2012&nbsp;are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of the stockholder holding the options or warrants but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other stockholder.&nbsp;&nbsp;Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table
 we believe stockholders named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite such stockholder&rsquo;s name.&nbsp;&nbsp;Percentage of ownership is based on approximately 12
500
833 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 8
 2012.

    
Christopher J. Reed and Judy Holloway Reed are husband and wife.&nbsp;&nbsp;The same number of shares of common stock is shown for each of them
 as they may each be deemed to be the beneficial owner of all of such shares.&nbsp;&nbsp;Consists of 1
584
225 shares of common stock and options to purchase 31
250 shares of common stock. Does not include options to purchase up to 43
750 shares of common stock
 which vest over two years.

    
The address for Mr. Harris is 160 Barranca Road
 Newbury Park
 California 91320.

    
Consists of 73
338 shares of common stock and options to purchase 39
583 shares of common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;Does not include options to purchase 45
417 shares of common stock vesting over two years.

    
Consists of 51
299 shares of common stock and options to purchase up to 18
750 shares of common stock. Does not include options to purchase up to 31
250 shares of common stock
 which vest over two years.

    
Robert Reed is the trustee of&nbsp;&nbsp;the Reed Family Irrevocable Trust One and the Reed Family Irrevocable Trust Two. Each trust owns 400
000 shares of common stock.&nbsp;&nbsp;As sole Trustee
 Robert Reed holds voting and dispositive power over all of these shares.




 and Director Independence


has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction
 arrangement or relationship between Reed&rsquo;s
and one of our executive officers
 directors
 director nominees or 5% or greater stockholders (or their immediate family members)
each of whom we refer to as a &ldquo;related person
&rdquo; in which such related person has a direct or indirect material interest.


    
    


proposes to enter into such a transaction
 arrangement or relationship
 defined as a &ldquo;related party transaction
&rdquo; the
related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;The policy calls for
the proposed related party transaction to be reviewed and
 if deemed appropriate
 approved by the Nominations and Governance Committee.
Our Nominations and Governance Committee is comprised of Dr. Muffoletto and Mr. Fischman. The board of directors has determined
that all of the members of the Nominations and Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange
Listed Company Manual. If practicable
 the reporting
 review and approval will occur prior to entry into the transaction.&nbsp;&nbsp;If
advance review and approval is not practicable
 the Nominations and Governance Committee will review
 and
 in its discretion
 may
ratify the related party transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually at a
minimum.&nbsp;&nbsp;The related party transactions listed below were reviewed by the full board of directors.&nbsp;&nbsp;Prior
to August 2005
 we did not have independent directors on our board to review and approve related party transactions. The Nominations
and Governance Committee shall review future related party transactions.


31
 2012 and 2011
 we have participated in the following transactions in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect
material interest:


our Secretary and director
 is Christopher J. Reed&rsquo;s spouse.


December 31
 2008
 the Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is
between the Company and a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement
remains in effect until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month.
During the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $15
000
 and during the year ended December 31
2011
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $66
000.

Principal
Accounting Fees and Services


P.A. (&ldquo;Weinberg&rdquo;) was our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011.


shows the fees paid or accrued by us for the audit and other services provided by Weinberg for the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
57
000
100
000

    
    
    

    
5
000
5
000

    
    
    

    
62
000
105
000



(i) &ldquo;audit fees&rdquo; are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for the audit of our annual
financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-K
 or for services that are normally provided by
the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years; (ii) &ldquo;audit-related
fees&rdquo; are fees for assurance and related services by our principal accountant that are reasonably related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under &ldquo;audit fees;&rdquo; (iii) &ldquo;tax fees&rdquo;
are fees for professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice
 and tax planning; and (iv)
&ldquo;all other fees&rdquo; are fees for products and services provided by our principal accountant
 other than the services reported
under &ldquo;audit fees
&rdquo; &ldquo;audit-related fees
&rdquo; and &ldquo;tax fees.&rdquo;




us by Weinberg with respect to such periods consisted of the audits of our financial statements and limited reviews of the financial
statements included in Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Weinberg also provided services with respect to the filing of our registration
statements in 2012 and 2011.


    
    





any professional services to us with which would relate to &ldquo;audit related fees.&rdquo;




and state income taxes.




services to us with which would relate to &ldquo;other fees.&rdquo;




 the Audit Committee
is required to pre-approve the audit and non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm in order
to ensure that they do not impair the auditors&rsquo; independence. The Commission&rsquo;s rules specify the types of non-audit
services that an independent auditor may not provide to its audit client and establish the Audit Committee&rsquo;s responsibility
for administration of the engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.


 the
Audit Committee Charter requires that the Audit Committee review and pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services
provided by the independent registered public accounting firm to us or any of our subsidiaries. The Audit Committee may delegate
pre-approval authority to a member of the Audit Committee and if it does
 the decisions of that member must be presented to the
full Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. Accordingly
 100% of audit services and non-audit services described in this
Item 14 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee.


accountant&rsquo;s engagement to audit the registrant&rsquo;s financial statements for the most recent fiscal year that were attributed
to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant&rsquo;s full-time
 permanent employees.



Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statements



of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.




have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes
thereto.



 which follows the
signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 which is incorporated herein by reference.









    
    





the Exchange Act
 the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.




Date: March 25
 2013

REED&rsquo;S
 INC.
        

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
        
        



 this
Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chairman of the Board of Directors
    
March 25
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 25
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 25
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 25
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 25
 2013

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
March 25
 2013

    
    
    
    
    





    
    







    
Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 7
 2001 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed September 27
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed December 18
 2007 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 

    
Certificate of Designations
 Preferences and Rights of Series A Preferred Stock of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. as filed October 12
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Certificate of Correction to Certificate of Designations as filed November 10
 2004 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Amended Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
 filed December 4
 2009 (filed herewith)

    
Bylaws of Reed&rsquo;s Inc.
 as amended (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 19
 2012)

    
Form of common stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Form of Series&nbsp;A preferred stock certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451))

    
Waiver to Loan and Security Agreement dated January 5
 2009 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 

    
2001 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-120451)

    
Reed&rsquo;s Inc. Master Brokerage Agreement between Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. and Reed&rsquo;s Brokerage
 Inc. dated May 1
 2008 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 

    
2007 Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Reed's
 Inc.'s Form 10K filed March 27
 2009)

    
2009 Consultant Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No.

    
(Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-165906))

    
2010-2 Incentive Stock Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
4.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-166575))

    
Loan and Security Agreement between PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC and Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc. dated November 8
 2011 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Form 10Q as filed November 14
 2011)

    
Code of Ethics (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 (File No. 333-157359))

    
Subsidiaries of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 filed herewith.

    
Consent of Weinberg &amp; Co.
 P.A.
 filed herewith. 

    
    

    
    

    
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    





    

        
        

    
        
        
        
    

 Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2
        are being furnished and not filed.
        

        Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of
        Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
        Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.




    
















     





REED&rsquo;S
 INC.























     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302



 Christopher J. Reed
 certify that:



    
    




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: &nbsp;March 25
 2013
    

    
    
        
        
        















     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302



 James Linesch
 certify that:



    
    




    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;




    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;




    
    




    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;




    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals;




    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and




    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date: &nbsp;March 25
 2013
    

    
    
        
        
        















     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION&nbsp;1350
 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO
SECTION&nbsp;906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December
31
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 Christopher J. Reed
Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief:


fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
    
    

    
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: March 25
 2013
    
    

    
    
        
        
        















     






CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C. SECTION&nbsp;1350
 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO
SECTION&nbsp;906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002


the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reed&rsquo;s
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) for the year ended December
31
 2012
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 James Linesch
 Chief
Financial Officer of the Company
 hereby certifies
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that
 to the best of his knowledge and belief
 that:


fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.



    
    
    

    
REED&rsquo;S
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: March 25
 2013
    
    

    
    
        
        
        

    
    






















        


        
        




        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;) was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed&#13;its name from Original Beverage Corporation to Reed&amp;#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware.&#13;The Company is engaged primarily in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as&#13;well as candies and ice creams. The Company currently offers seven Reed&amp;#146;s Ginger Brew flavors (Extra
 Original
 Premium
&#13;Light 55 Calorie Extra
 Cherry Ginger
 Raspberry Ginger and Spiced Apple Ginger); Reed&amp;#146;s Energy Elixir; five Virgil&amp;#146;s&#13;beverages (Root Beer
 Cream Soda
 Orange Cream Soda
 Black Cherry Cream Soda
 and Real Cola); four zero calorie Virgil&amp;#146;s&#13;versions; two China Cola beverages (regular and cherry); two Sonoma Sparkler sparkling juices; three kinds of &amp;#160;ginger candies&#13;(crystallized ginger
 ginger chews and peanut butter ginger chews); and three flavors of ginger ice cream (Original
 Green Tea

&#13;inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives of property and equipment
 analysis of impairments of recorded intangibles

 a specific reserve&#13;for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes&#13;will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts

 2012 was approximately $399
000 and December 31
 2011 was approximately&#13;$135

 equipment and other long-lived assets for possible impairment. This review occurs quarterly
 or more&#13;frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is&#13;indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and&#13;its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company did not recognize impairment for the years ended December 31

 which have finite lives

 or more frequently if events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management&#13;prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these&#13;cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated&#13;fair value. No impairments were identified for the years ended December 31

000&#13;at December 31
 2012. The Company may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance&#13;limit. In assessing the risk
 the Company&amp;#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions.&#13;The Company had cash balances in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2012
 the Company had&amp;#160;two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
&#13;respectively; and during the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company had&amp;#160;two customers who accounted for approximately&#13;28% and 11% of its sales
 respectively. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December&#13;31
 2012 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 of its total&#13;accounts receivable; and as of December 31
 2011 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $475
000&#13;(27%)
 $264
000 (15%)
 respectively

 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process

 other than the quoted prices in active markets


 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight&#13;charges
 as well as certain internal transfer costs. Cost of goods sold &amp;#150; idle capacity consists of &lt;/font&gt;direct production&#13;costs in excess of charges allocated to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs&#13;and maintenance
 and inventory write-off. Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market&#13;cost basis

 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs

 prudent and feasible tax planning strategies
 in assessing&#13;the value of its deferred tax assets. If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be&#13;realized
 the Company will reduce the value of these assets to their expected realizable value
 thereby decreasing net income.&#13;Evaluating the value of these assets is necessarily based on the Company&amp;#146;s judgment. If the Company subsequently determined&#13;that the deferred tax assets
 which had been written down
 would be realized in the future
 the value of the deferred tax assets&#13;would be increased

 which is when the risk of loss transfers to our customers

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives&#13;for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 approximated $2
345
000 and $1
463
000

 using the treasury&#13;stock method. Potential common shares are excluded from the computation as their effect is antidilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;For the years ended December&#13;31
 2012 and 2011

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-indent: 11pt; padding-left: -22pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
006
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 11pt; padding-left: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Series A Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;41
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;186
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 11pt; padding-left: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Series B Preferred Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;319
214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;562
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 11pt; padding-left: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;607
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
172
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: 11pt; padding-left: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
285
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
928

000 and $25
000
 for the years ended&#13;December 31
 2012 and 2011

 &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&amp;#148;
 whereas the&#13;award is measured at its fair value at the date of grant and is amortized ratably over the vesting period. The Company accounts&#13;for stock option and warrant grants issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718 whereas the value of&#13;the stock compensation is based upon the measurement date as determined at either (a) the date at which a performance commitment&#13;is reached

 the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-11
 &amp;#147;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.&amp;#148;&#13;This ASU requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial&#13;statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. ASU No. 2011-11 will be applied retrospectively&#13;and is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013. The Company does not expect adoption&#13;of this standard to have a material impact on its results of operations
 financial condition

 the AICPA

 2011
 the Company previously presented $2
307
000&#13;of delivery and handling expenses as part of cost of goods sold. In presenting the Company&amp;#146;s statement of operations for&#13;the year ended December 31
 2012


 first-out) or market


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 0.8pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Raw Materials and Packaging&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
524
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
538
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Finished Goods&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
270
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
561
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
794
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
099



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.6pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
108
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
108
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Building&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
737
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
708
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vehicles&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;320
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
174
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1
702
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;434
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;413
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
773
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;5
251
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(2
351
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
739
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
422
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
512

 2012 and 2011 was $612
000 and $561
000

 2012 and 2011 includes equipment held under capital leases of $309
000 and $294
000
 respectively.&#13;Accumulated depreciation on equipment held under leases was $149
000 and 104
000 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011


 these&#13;intangible assets will have an indefinite life. Accordingly


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0pt 1.6pt 0pt 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Loan fees relating to financing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;80
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;135
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(26
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;85

 2012 and 2011 was approximately $75
000 and $42

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.25in; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;8
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; text-indent: -0.25in; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-indent: -0.25in; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-indent: 0in; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;54


 2011
 the Company entered into a Loan and Security Agreement with PMC Financial Services Group
 LLC. &lt;font style=color: black&gt;The&#13;Loan and Security Agreement replaced the Company&amp;#146;s existing RLOC and added a $750
000 term loan to the credit (see Note&#13;7). The RLOC initially was for $3 million
 &lt;/font&gt;based on 85% of eligible accounts receivable and 50% of eligible inventory&lt;font style=color: black&gt;.&#13;The interest rate on the revolving line of credit is at the prime rate plus 3.75% (7% at December 31
 2012). The three-year Agreement&#13;is secured by all of the unencumbered assets of the Corporation. There is an early termination fee of 2% of the maximum revolver&#13;amount during the first two years and 1% of the maximum revolver during the third year. The Agreement includes a financial covenant&#13;debt service coverage ratio that is effective if the credit availability under the RLOC falls below $100
000. On November 30
&#13;2011
 the maximum RLOC amount was temporarily raised to $3.5 million
 and on &lt;/font&gt;May 11
 2012
 the Company&amp;#146;s revolving&#13;line of credit was increased from $3
000
000 to $4
000
000. At December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 the aggregate amount outstanding&#13;under the line of credit was $3
023
000 and $3
095
000 respectively
 and the Company had approximately $&lt;font style=color: black&gt;234&lt;/font&gt;
000&#13;of availability on this line of credit at December 31
 2012. The line of credit expires on November 7



874

944



298

318



208

247

 2009
 the Company closed escrow on the sale of its two buildings and its brewery equipment and concurrently entered into&#13;a long-term lease agreement for the same property and equipment. In connection with the lease the Company has the option to repurchase&#13;the buildings and brewery equipment from 12 months after the commencement date to the end of the lease term at the greater of&#13;the fair market value or an agreed upon amount. Since the lease contains a buyback provision and other related terms
 the Company&#13;determined it had continuing involvement that did not warrant the recognition of a sale; therefore
 the transaction has been accounted&#13;for as a long-term financing. The proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction costs
 have been recorded as a financing obligation&#13;in the amount of $3
056
000. Monthly payments under the financing agreement are recorded as interest expense and a reduction in&#13;the financing obligation at an implicit rate of 9.9%. The financing obligation is personally guaranteed up to a limit of $150
000&#13;by the principal shareholder and Chief Executive Officer

 the Company issued an aggregate of 400
000 warrants to purchase its common stock at&#13;$1.20 per share for five years. The 400
000 warrants were valued at $752
000 and reflected as a debt discount
 using the Black&#13;Scholes option pricing model. The following assumptions were utilized in valuing the 400
000 warrants: strike price of $2.10 to&#13;$2.25; term of 5 years; volatility of 91.36% to 110.9%; expected dividends 0%; and discount rate of 2.15% to 2.20%. The 400
000&#13;warrants were recorded as valuation discount and are being amortized over 15 years
 the term of the purchase option. Amortization&#13;of valuation discount was $50
000 during both of the years ended December 31

 2012 and 2011 was $2
874
000 and $2
944
000






188

874


 LLC (see Note 5)
 the Company entered into a Term Loan. The loan is for $750
000
 bears interest&#13;at the prime rate plus 11.6%
 which shall not be below 14.85%
 is secured by all of the unencumbered assets of the Company
 and&#13;is to be repaid in 48 equal installments of principal and interest of $21

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Term loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;575
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;728
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(176
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(152
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Long term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;399
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;576

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;204
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;195
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;575


000 under eight non-cancelable capital leases. Most of the leases are personally guaranteed&#13;by the Company&amp;#146;s chief executive officer. Monthly payments range from $341 to $1
680 per month
 including interest
 at interest&#13;rates ranging from 6.51% to 17.32% per annum. At December 31
 2012
 monthly payments under these leases aggregated $7

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;92
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;28
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;14
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Total payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;205
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Amount representing interest &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;38
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Present value of net minimum lease&amp;#160;&amp;#160;payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;167
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;69
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Non-current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;98


000&amp;#160;shares&#13;authorized to Series&amp;#160;A
 $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
&#13;there were 10
411 and 46
621 shares outstanding
 respectively

 in the sole and absolute discretion of our board of directors
 in&#13;shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any dividend on shares of our securities ranking&#13;junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received the full non-cumulative dividend to which&#13;they are entitled. In addition
 the holders of our preferred stock are entitled to receive pro rata distributions of dividends&#13;on an &amp;#147;as converted&amp;#148; basis with the holders of our common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company&#13;accrued and paid a $16
000 dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through&#13;the issuance of 4
760 shares of its common stock; and during the year ended December 31
 2011 the Company accrued and paid a $23
000&#13;dividend payable to the preferred shareholders
 which the board of directors elected to pay through the issuance of 11

 dissolution&#13;or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more&#13;senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series A preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any of&#13;our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter
 all remaining assets shall be distributed&#13;pro rata among all of our security holders. Since June 30
 2008
 we have the right
 but not the obligation
 to redeem all or any&#13;portion of the Series A preferred stock by paying the holders thereof the sum of the original purchase price per share
 which was&#13;$10.00

&#13;at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into four shares of common&#13;stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification&#13;and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock a sufficient number&#13;of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock. During the year ended December 31
&#13;2012
 36
210 shares of Series A preferred stock were converted into 144
840 shares of common stock and in 2011

 the holders of our&#13;Series A preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.&#13;However
 so long as any shares of Series A preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining the approval&#13;of at least a majority of the holders of the Series A preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a preference&#13;over the Series A preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting

000&amp;#160;shares&#13;authorized to Series&amp;#160;B
 $10.00 par value
 5% non-cumulative
 participating
 preferred stock. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011&#13;there were 45
602 and 80
415 shares outstanding

 2011
 the Company completed a&#13;standby offering of 12
780 shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at $10.00 per share
 for gross proceeds of $127
800.&#13;In connection with the offering
 the Company also issued warrants to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock at $1.79 per share for&#13;five years. The Company paid legal and broker fees of approximately $11
000 in connection with the offering
 resulting in net proceeds&#13;to the Company of $117

 in the sole and absolute&#13;discretion of our board of directors
 in shares of common stock based on its then fair market value. We cannot declare or pay any&#13;dividend on shares of our securities ranking junior to the preferred stock until the holders of our preferred stock have received&#13;the full non-cumulative dividend to which they are entitled. During the year ended December 31
 2012
 $28
000 in dividends were&#13;accrued and $38
000 of dividends were paid by the issuance of 27
313 shares of common stock
 as shares of Series B Preferred were&#13;converted into shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2011
 $42
000 in dividends were accrued and $3
000 of&#13;dividends were paid by the issuance of 2

 dissolution&#13;or winding up of the Company
 or if there is a change of control event
 then
 subject to the rights of the holders of our more&#13;senior securities
 if any
 the holders of our Series B preferred stock are entitled to receive
 prior to the holders of any of&#13;our junior securities
 $10.00 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends. Thereafter

&#13;at the option of the holder
 at any time after issuance and prior to the date such stock is redeemed
 into seven shares of common&#13;stock
 subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits
 reverse stock splits
 stock dividends
 recapitalization
 reclassification&#13;and similar transactions. We are obligated to reserve out of our authorized but unissued shares of common stock a sufficient number&#13;of such shares to effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of Series B preferred stock. During the year ended December 31
&#13;2012
 34
813 shares of preferred stock were converted into 243
691 shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2011
&#13;5
351 shares of Series B preferred stock were converted into 37

 the holders of our&#13;Series B preferred stock do not have the right to vote on any matters
 including
 without limitation
 the election of directors.&#13;However
 so long as any shares of Series B preferred stock are outstanding
 we shall not
 without first obtaining the approval&#13;of at least a majority of the holders of the Series B preferred stock
 authorize or issue any equity security having a preference&#13;over the Series B preferred stock with respect to dividends
 liquidation
 redemption or voting

&#13;19
500
000&amp;#160;shares authorized
 12
084
673 shares&amp;#160;issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 10
885
833 shares&amp;#160;issued&#13;and outstanding as of December&amp;#160;31

 2011 the Company sold 304
880&#13;shares of common stock at $2.46 per share for $750
000. In connection with the sale
 the Company granted to the investors warrants&#13;to purchase 121
952 shares of common stock for $2.77 for five years. The Company paid an 8% placement agent fee of $60
000. The&#13;Company received proceeds from the private placement
 after deducting placement agent fees and offering expenses
 of $672
000.&#13;On March 25
 2011
 the Registration Statement of the common stock to be sold and the common stock underlying the warrants with&#13;the Securities and Exchange Commission was declared effective

 2011
 the&#13;Company issued 63
873 shares of common stock for services rendered at prices ranging from $1.32 to $2.69 per share with a value&#13;of $131
000. During the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company issued 9
000 shares of common stock at a price of $1.75 with&#13;a value of $15

 2012
 the&#13;Company issued 14
965 shares of common stock for services rendered at prices ranging from $1.13 to $2.17 per share with a value&#13;of $23


 2012 and 2011
 the Company had available Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards to reduce future taxable income.&#13;The amounts available were approximately $16.5 million and $16.2 million for Federal purposes
 respectively
 and $12.5 million&#13;and $12.3 million for state purposes respectively. The Federal carryforward expires in 2033 and the state carryforward expires&#13;in 2018. Given the Company&amp;#146;s history of net operating losses
 management has determined that it is more likely than not&#13;that the Company will not be able to realize the tax benefit of the carryforwards. Accordingly

 2007
 the Company adopted FASB guidelines that address the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected&#13;to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. Under this guidance
 we may recognize the tax benefit&#13;from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the&#13;taxing authorities
 based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from&#13;such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized&#13;upon ultimate settlement. This guidance also provides guidance on derecognition
 classification
 interest and penalties on income&#13;taxes
 accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. At the date of adoption
 and as of December 31
 2012&#13;and 2011
 the Company did not have a liability for unrecognized tax benefits

&#13;2012 and 2011
 the Company has not accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Additionally


 &lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred income tax asset:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating loss carry forward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
150

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal Statutory tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State tax


 2012 and&#13;2011 was $237
000 and $129
000


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;181
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;186
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;131
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;774

 amounts would be due to the customer. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company has no&#13;plans to terminate or not renew any agreement with any of their customers; therefore



 2005 through April 7
 2006
 we&#13;issued 333
156 shares of our common stock in connection with our initial public offering. These securities represented all of the&#13;shares issued in connection with the initial public offering prior to October 11
 2006. These shares issued in connection with&#13;the initial public offering may have been issued in violation of either federal or state securities laws
 or both

 2006
 we made a rescission offer&#13;to all holders of the outstanding shares that we believe are subject to rescission
 pursuant to which we offered to repurchase&#13;these shares then outstanding from the holders. At the expiration of the rescission offer on September 18
 2006
 the rescission&#13;offer was accepted by 32 of the offerees to the extent of 28
420 shares for an aggregate of $119
000

 we may&#13;continue to be liable under Federal and state securities laws for up to an amount equal to the value of all shares of common stock&#13;issued in connection with the initial public offering plus any statutory interest we may be required to pay. If it is determined&#13;that we offered securities without properly registering them under federal or state law
 or securing an exemption from registration
&#13;regulators could impose monetary fines or other sanctions as provided under these laws. However

 we believe that there&#13;are no material litigation matters at the current time. Although the results of such litigation matters and claims cannot be predicted&#13;with certainty
 we believe that the final outcome of such claims and proceedings will not have a material adverse impact on our&#13;financial position
 liquidity


 2008
 the&#13;Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between the Company and&#13;a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement remains in effect&#13;until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During the year&#13;ended December 31
 2012
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $15
000
 and during the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company&#13;paid commissions on sales of $66


 2013 until February 20
 2013
 Company employees exercised 51
665 options at prices between $0.86 and $2.02
 and received&#13;proceeds of $30
000 and issued 47
867 shares of common stock. On January 23
 2013 the Company issued 1
189 shares of common stock&#13;as a cashless exercise of a warrant for 2

 2013
 the Company declared a mandatory conversion of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The company issued&#13;319
214 shares of common stock in exchange for the remaining 45
602 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding.&#13;The Company also issued 47

 2013
 the Company granted stock options to employees for 256
000 shares with an exercise price of $4.00 per share
 the market&#13;closing price of its common stock on the grant date with a fair value of approximately $287

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

    

    


    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;)&#13;was organized under the laws of the state of Florida in January 1991. In 2001
 the Company changed its name from Original Beverage&#13;Corporation to Reed&amp;#146;s
 Inc. and changed its state of incorporation from Florida to Delaware. The Company is engaged primarily&#13;in the business of developing
 manufacturing and marketing natural non-alcoholic beverages
 as well as candies and ice creams.&#13;The Company currently offers seven Reed&amp;#146;s Ginger Brew flavors (Extra
 Original
 Premium
 Light 55 Calorie Extra
 Cherry Ginger
&#13;Raspberry Ginger and Spiced Apple Ginger); Reed&amp;#146;s Energy Elixir; five Virgil&amp;#146;s beverages (Root Beer
 Cream Soda
 Orange&#13;Cream Soda
 Black Cherry Cream Soda
 and Real Cola); four zero calorie Virgil&amp;#146;s versions; two China Cola beverages (regular&#13;and cherry); two Sonoma Sparkler sparkling juices; three kinds of &amp;#160;ginger candies (crystallized ginger
 ginger chews and peanut&#13;butter ginger chews); and three flavors of ginger ice cream (Original
 Green Tea


 inventory obsolescence
 depreciable lives of property and equipment
 analysis&#13;of impairments of recorded intangibles


 a specific reserve&#13;for bad debts is estimated and recorded
 which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes&#13;will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts

 2012 was approximately $399
000 and December 31
 2011 was approximately&#13;$135


 equipment and other long-lived assets for possible impairment. This review occurs quarterly
 or more&#13;frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is&#13;indication of impairment
 management prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and&#13;its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized&#13;to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The Company did not recognize impairment for the years ended December 31


 which have finite lives

 or more frequently if events or changes&#13;in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is indication of impairment
 management&#13;prepares an estimate of future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these&#13;cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated&#13;fair value. No impairments were identified for the years ended December 31


000 at December 31
 2012. The Company&#13;may be exposed to risk for the amounts of funds held in bank accounts in excess of the insurance limit. In assessing the risk
&#13;the Company&amp;#146;s policy is to maintain cash balances with high quality financial institutions. The Company had cash balances&#13;in excess of the guarantee during the years ended December 31

 2012
&#13;the Company had&amp;#160;two customers who accounted for approximately 30% and 10% of its sales
 respectively; and during the year&#13;ended December 31
 2011
 the Company had&amp;#160;two customers who accounted for approximately 28% and 11% of its sales
 respectively.&#13;No other customer accounted for more than 10% of sales in either year. As of December 31
 2012 the Company had accounts receivable&#13;due from two customers who comprised $580
000 (25%) and $340
000 (14%)
 of its total accounts receivable; and as of December 31
&#13;2011 the Company had accounts receivable due from two customers who comprised $475
000 (27%)
 $264
000 (15%)
 respectively

 a change in packers may cause a delay in the production process


 other&#13;than the quoted prices in active markets



 co-packing fees
 repacking fees
 in-bound freight charges
 as well as certain internal&#13;transfer costs. Cost of goods sold &amp;#150; idle capacity consists of &lt;/font&gt;direct production costs in excess of charges allocated&#13;to finished goods in production. Plant costs include labor costs
 production supplies
 repairs and maintenance
 and inventory write-off.&#13;Charges for labor and overhead allocated to finished goods are determined on a market cost basis


 inspection costs
 warehousing costs
 transfer freight costs


 prudent and feasible tax planning strategies
 in assessing the value of its deferred tax assets.&#13;If the Company determines that it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized
 the Company will reduce the value&#13;of these assets to their expected realizable value
 thereby decreasing net income. Evaluating the value of these assets is necessarily&#13;based on the Company&amp;#146;s judgment. If the Company subsequently determined that the deferred tax assets
 which had been written&#13;down
 would be realized in the future
 the value of the deferred tax assets would be increased


 which is when the risk of loss transfers to our customers

 including slotting fees
 as a reduction of gross sales. These sales incentives for the years ended December 31
 2012&#13;and 2011 approximated $2
345
000 and $1
463
000




000 and $25
000
 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011


 &amp;#147;Compensation &amp;#150; Stock Compensation&amp;#148;
 whereas the award is measured at its fair value&#13;at the date of grant and is amortized ratably over the vesting period. The Company accounts for stock option and warrant grants&#13;issued and vesting to non-employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718 whereas the value of the stock compensation is based upon&#13;the measurement date as determined at either (a) the date at which a performance commitment is reached


 the FASB issued ASU No. 2011-11
 &amp;#147;Balance Sheet (Topic 210): Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities.&amp;#148;&#13;This ASU requires an entity to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of its financial&#13;statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on its financial position. ASU No. 2011-11 will be applied retrospectively&#13;and is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning on or after January 1
 2013. The Company does not expect adoption&#13;of this standard to have a material impact on its results of operations
 financial condition

 the AICPA


 2011
 the Company previously presented $2
307
000&#13;of delivery and handling expenses as part of cost of goods sold. In presenting the Company&amp;#146;s statement of operations for&#13;the year ended December 31
 2012

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

 first-out) or market



524

538

270
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
561

794

099




108

108

737
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
708

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;320

174
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
702

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;413
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
773
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;5
251

351

739

422

512



&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman, Times, Serif; margin: 0 1.6pt 0 0; text-align: center&gt;2011&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;Loan fees relating to financing&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;80
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;135
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Accumulated amortization&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(26
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(50
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;54
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;85


000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -18pt&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;8
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -18pt&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;3
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 18pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -18pt&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;54


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;Financing obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
874
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
944
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Valuation discount&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(576
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(626
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
298
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
318
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less current portion&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(90
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(71
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Long term financing obligation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
208
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
247


 2012 and 2011 was $2
874
000 and $2
944
000

000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;111
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;134
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;161
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2017&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;190
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Thereafter&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
188
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
874


000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;204
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 33pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;195
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Total&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;575


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;2011&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; line-height: 115%&gt;Term loan&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;575
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;728
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;Less current portion&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(176
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;(152
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Long term debt&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;399
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;576


&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;92
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;71
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2015&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;28
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;2016&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;14
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Total payments&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;205
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Amount representing interest&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;38
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Present value of net minimum lease&amp;#160;&amp;#160;payments&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;167
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less: Current portion&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;69
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Non-current portion&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;98





 2010&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;840
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.74&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;437
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.48&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;(105
000)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$2.59&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2011&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;1
172
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.55&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Granted&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;10
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.85&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;(408
334)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.05&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;(166
666)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$4.46&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;607
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.27&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;3.6&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;2
668
000&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; line-height: 115%; text-indent: -11pt&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2012&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;411
165&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;$1.17&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; line-height: 115%; text-align: center&gt;3.7&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;1
847


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Options&#13;    Exercisable at &lt;br /&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Range of Exercise&#13;    Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of Shares&#13;    Outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average&#13;    Remaining Contractual Life (years)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average&#13;    Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Number of Shares&#13;    Exercisable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Weighted Average&#13;    Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.01 - $1.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;472
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;3.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;332
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.00 - $4.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;135
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;78
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center; padding-left: 0.25in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;607
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;411


 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
009
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$4.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;396
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(11
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&#13;    or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(387
500)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$4.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding&#13;    at December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2
006
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(574
622)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&#13;    or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
114
995)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$6.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Outstanding&#13;    at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1
906
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left; padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Exercisable&#13;    at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1
906




208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; color: black; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;August 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;116
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=color: black; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;April 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;February 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317


 &lt;br /&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;December 31
 &lt;br /&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Deferred income tax asset:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Net operating loss carry forward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;6
150
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(6
150


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 26%; text-align: left; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Federal Statutory tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(34&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;)%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;State tax


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;181
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;186
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;138
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;131
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;774

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 the Company adopted the Original Beverage&#13;Corporation 2001 Stock Option Plan and
 in 2007
 the Company adopted the Reed&amp;#146;s Inc 2007 Stock Option Plan (the &amp;#147;Plans&amp;#148;).&#13;The options under both plans shall be granted from time to time by the Compensation Committee. Individuals eligible to receive&#13;options include employees of the Company
 consultants to the Company and directors of the Company. The options shall have a fixed&#13;price
 which will not be less than 100% of the fair market value per share on the grant date. The total number of options authorized&#13;is 500
000 and 1
500
000

 2012 and&#13;2011
 the Company granted 10
000 and 437
000 options
 respectively
 to purchase the Company's common stock at a weighted price&#13;of $1.85 and a weighted average price of $1.48
 respectively
 to employees under the Plans. The aggregate value of the options&#13;vesting
 net of forfeitures
 during the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $112
000 and $210
000
 respectively
 and has&#13;been reflected as compensation cost. As of December 31
 2012
 the aggregate value of unvested options was $145
000
 which will&#13;be amortized as compensation cost as the options vest

 2012
 the Company repriced 20
000&#13;employee options to an exercise price of $1.83
 which were previously $2.43 per share and $2.06 per share. The total increase in&#13;stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing and was $3
000. On December 23
 2011
 the Company repriced 20
000 employee&#13;options to an exercise price of $1.14
 which were previously $2.06 per share; and extended the termination date of 420
000 employee&#13;options until December 22
 2016. Such options previously were to expire on dates that were between 8 months and 48 months from&#13;the extension date. The total increase in stock compensation expense
 as a result of the repricing and extensions
 was $53
000;&#13;of which $48
000 was recognized in the year ended December 31
 2011 and $5
000 in the year ended December 31
 2012. During the&#13;year ended December 31
 2012 there were 408
334 options exercised at an average price of $1.05
 resulting in proceeds to the Company&#13;of $30
000. During the year ended December 31
 2011 there were 8
333 stock options exercised at a price of $0.75 per share resulting&#13;in proceeds to the Company of $6

 respectively. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the&#13;date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For purposes&#13;of determining the expected life of the option



 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;840
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;437
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(105
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$2.59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;1
172
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;(408
334)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(166
666)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$4.46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;607
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.27&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;3.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;2
668
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;411
165&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;1
847

668
000&#13;and $1
847
000 were calculated as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&amp;#146;s stock
&#13;which was $5.68 as of December 31


 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;505
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 23%; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(205
276)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(113
888)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Nonvested at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;195


 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Options Exercisable at &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Range of Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of Shares Outstanding&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (years)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Number of Shares Exercisable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted Average Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.01 - $1.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;472
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;3.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.05&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;332
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$0.67&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.00 - $4.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;135
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;2.90&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$2.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;78
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.25in; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;607
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0.1in; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;411

 2011
 the Company granted warrants&#13;to purchase 3
575 shares of common stock to a dealer-manager in connection with the placement of its Series B Convertible Preferred&#13;Stock. The warrants are exercisable for five years at an exercise price of $1.79. On February 22
 2011
 the Company granted warrants&#13;to purchase 83
208 shares of common stock to investors who purchased 277

 2011
 the Company granted warrants&#13;in connection with a placement of 304
880 shares of its common stock to purchase 121
952 shares of common stock for $2.77 for a&#13;term of five years. In connection with the same placement
 the Company also granted warrants to purchase 24
390 shares of common&#13;stock to a dealer-manager at a price of $3.075 for five years. In February 2011
 11
000 warrants were exercised at a price of $2.25&#13;per share resulting in proceeds to the Company of $25

 2011
 the Company granted to a consultant&#13;250
000 warrants to purchase common stock at a price of $3.00 for five years. The warrants vest monthly over 24 months. In October&#13;2011
 the consultant agreement was terminated
 so no further vesting shall occur on these warrants. During the year ended December&#13;31
 2011
 62
500 of such warrants vested
 resulting in expense of $42
000
 and 187

 2012 there&#13;were 574
622 warrants exercised at prices between $1.20 per share and $3.08 per share (an average price of $1.61)
 resulting in&#13;proceeds to the Company of $147
000 and 416


 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;2
009
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$4.68&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;396
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$2.93&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;(11
000)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$2.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(387
500)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$4.86&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;2
006
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;(574
622)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1.61&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Forfeited or expired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(1
114
995)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$6.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Outstanding at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$2.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1
906
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 11pt; text-indent: -11pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;Exercisable at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317
253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$2.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;2.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 3.75pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;$1
906

906
000&#13;was calculated
 as of December 31
 2012
 as the difference between the market price and the exercise price of the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;stock
 which was $5.68 as of December 31




208&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.10&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 32%; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;August 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt; color: black&gt;116
565&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;April 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;117
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$2.77&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;February 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;317

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    

 2012 and 2011


253&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 3%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
006

644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;186

214&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;562

000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
172

285
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
928

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;505
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 2%; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 13%; text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Vested&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(205
276)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$0.55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;(113
888)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 1pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;$1.41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238,238,238)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;Nonvested at December 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; padding-left: 5.4pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 8pt&gt;195

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowance for doubtful accounts and returns and discounts of $399
000 and $135
000



      


      


      



 net of accumulated depreciation of $2
351
000 and $1
739
000



      



 net of amortization of $50
000 and $8
000



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 less current portion
 net of discount of $576
000 and $626
000











      


      


      


      



 $.0001 par value
 19
500
000 shares authorized
 12
084
673 and 10
885
883 shares issued and outstanding



      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      














      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

































      


      


















      










      

























      








      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 Plant and Equipment



      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


 plant and equipment


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      





      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      














      


      


      


      


      


















      









      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      





      


      






      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      























      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

























      

      













      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      










      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      

      

      


 Increase


      

      







      

      





 Plant and Equipment



 Plant
 and Equipment
 Owned








      

      

      

      

      


 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Future Minimum Payments Due














      


 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Outstanding



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Outstanding Options



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range
 Exercisable Options



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the accumulated amortization
 as of the reporting date
 representing the periodic charge to earnings of deferred costs which are associated with debt obligations existing as of the end of the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the amount as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain. Such amount is before the consideration of accumulated amortization.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

10. Stock Options and Warrants (Details 4) (Warrant
 USD $)

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


Shares outstanding
 beginning balance

006
870

009
028


        
        

342


        

622)

000)


        

114
995)

500)


Shares outstanding
 ending balance

253

006
870


        

253
        


        
        
        


Weighted average exercise price outstanding
 beginning
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Weighted average exercise price outstanding
 ending
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

906
000
        


        

906
000
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including vested options.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000

000


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid within one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) of the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

10. Stock Options and Warrants (Details 5) (Warrant
 USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 and option holders generally do not receive dividends.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        



          

        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment (that is
 the periods of time over which an entity allocates the initial cost of its property
 plant and equipment).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      











          

        
        


        

000

000


        

000
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 units
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
Property and equipment
is comprised of the following as of:



    
    



        
    
    



        
    

    
    
    
1
108
000
    
    
    
1
108
000
    

    
    
    
1
737
000
    
    
    
1
708
000
    

    
    
    
320
000
    
    
    
320
000
    

    
    
    
2
174
000
    
    
    
1
702
000
    

    
    
    
434
000
    
    
    
413
000
    

    
    
    
5
773
000
    
    
    
5
251
000
    

    
    
    
(2
351
000
    
    
    
(1
739
000
    

    
    
    
3
422
000
    
    
    
3
512
000
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

10. Stock Options and Warrants (Details) (Stock Options [Member]
 USD $)

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and option holders generally do not receive dividends.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

5. Line of Credit (Details Narrative) (Revolving Credit Facility
 USD $)












          

        
        


        

023
000

095
000


        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

108
000

108
000


        

737
000

708
000


        

000

000


        

174
000

702
000


        

000

000


        

773
000

251
000


        

351
000)

739
000)


Property
 plant and equipment
 net

422
000

512
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equipment
 engines
 boilers
 incinerators
 installed building materials; systems and equipment for the purpose of supplying or distributing heating
 cooling
 electricity
 gas
 water
 air
 or light; antennas
 cable
 wiring and conduits used in connection with radio
 television
 security
 fire prevention
 or fire detection or otherwise used to carry electronic signals; telephone systems and equipment; elevators and related machinery and equipment; fire detection
 prevention and extinguishing systems and apparatus; security and access control systems and apparatus; plumbing systems; water heaters
 ranges
 stoves
 microwave ovens
 refrigerators
 dishwashers
 garbage disposers
 washers
 dryers and other appliances; light fixtures
 awnings
 storm windows and storm doors; pictures
 screens
 blinds
 shades
 curtains and curtain rods; mirrors; cabinets
 paneling
 rugs and floor and wall coverings; fences
 trees and plants; swimming pools; and such other items as defined by the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
 depreciable assets used in the production process to produce goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depreciable flight assets owned by the entity and used in the entity's principle business operations and capitalized assets classified as property
 plant and equipment that are owned by the entity) that has been recognized in the income statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

10. Stock Options and Warrants (Details 2) (Stock Options [Member]
 USD $)

        

      







          

        


Nonvested shares outstanding
 beginning

000


        

000


        

276)


        

888)


Nonvested shares outstanding
 ending

836


Nonvested shares outstanding
 weighted average grant date fair value
        


Nonvested shares granted
 weighted average grant date fair value
        


Nonvested shares vested
 weighted average grant date fair value
        


Nonvested shares forfeited
 weighted average grant date fair value
        


Nonvested shares outstanding
 weighted average grant date fair value ending balance
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted average grant date fair value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted average grant date fair value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weighted average grant date fair value
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          







        
        


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000


        

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000
        


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        
Property and equipment
is comprised of the following as of:



    
December
                                                                               31

December
                                                                               31


    
1
108
000
1
108
000

    
1
737
000
1
708
000

    
320
000
320
000

    
2
174
000
1
702
000

    
434
000
413
000

    
5
773
000
5
251
000

    
(2
351
000
(1
739
000

    
3
422
000
3
512
000


Depreciation expense
for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $612
000 and $561
000
 respectively.

Machinery
and equipment at December 31
 2012 and 2011 includes equipment held under capital leases of $309
000 and $294
000
 respectively.
Accumulated depreciation on equipment held under leases was $149
000 and 104
000 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
M
V
V.#



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F,S0Y8E]F-&,U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V
M.60Y,V,V.#,S-#(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q
M9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


04Y#15]32$5%
M5%


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@








M968]
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^.%]/






MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^
3!?4W1O8VM?




5]);F-O;65?5&%X97
\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\





M93XQ
U]

M971S+U-H965T


O4VAE970R








M

C8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K


M-U]497)M7TQO86Y?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E

\+W@Z3F%M

E]#;VUM:71M96YT





M:&5E='
O4VAE970S
#I.86UE/C%?3W!E<F%T




T0B





#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T


M971S+U-H965T


O4VAE970T

M:&5E='
O4VAE970T




;VYG=&5R;5]&:6YA;F-I;F=?3V)L







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


O4VAE970U
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K




M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7


M;64^


M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




&-E;%=O<FMS




M














]



]


]

]


]
T1T:#Y-87(N

M;BX@
S`L(#(P




M=&5X=#Y2145$4R!)3D



3PO=&0^

]



T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M1&]C=6UE;G0@4&5R:6]D($5N9!$871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y$96,@,S$L#0H)3(P



]





BTS


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^27,@16YT:71Y(&$@5V5L;UK;F]W;B!396%S;VYE

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M27
@16YT:71Y(&$@5F]L=6YT87)Y($9I;&5R/SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]
T1T97AT/EEE

]
T1T97AT

]








]
T1T

]

]

M($9O8W5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
#$R/'-P




S0Y
M8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M;G1E;G0]





]




3
L



]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#DY+#`P
M

]





C`Q+#`P





M
3(L

M1&YU;7`^
3(S+#`P



S
2PP





Y+#`P


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

#`@86YD



]



G($5154E463PO




Q


]


]




M

M;7`^.#
L




3$L

:6YE(&]F(&-R



2PP



M.2PP






T1T;W`^


S
L







M;V8@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@)#4W-BPP
#`@86YD(0V,C8L,#`P+!R97-P96-T

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L
C0W+#`P


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;!L96%S97


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$U
RPP




T1T
M;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97


]
T1N=6UP/CDL
#4P+#`P



]

]
M


M9VX]

M
#`L




]


RPY.38L

C(L.3(T+#`P


]

M
C`L-#4Y+#`P


M


P-2PP


]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M+#@S-BPP


RPS-34L




]



]


]



#0L

#QS

]


]







#0L

S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E
M95\V.60Y
V
V.#





M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S4Q+#`P



T1T;W`^06-C=6UU


]
T1N
M=6UP/C@L






]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M





T1T



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N


]

@02!0

]
T1T97AT

]



T1T;W`^4')E9F5R


]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#8R


]

M




T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($(@












]
T1N=6UP
M/C0U+#8P







;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#
S-#(O




]



@*%53

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#









]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#DT
RPP

#`P/'-P86X^





]
T1R974^

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
30T+#`P
M

M86QI9VX]


]
T1R93X-







M.2PP



]

\+W1D

]

M


S8L

C4P+#`P

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6T^*#8V


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y-#$L



]


M8VMH;VQD97)S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#4V
M.2PP



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#`N
#4I/'-P86X^


T1T

M:6YG(T@8F%S:6,@86YD(&1I;'5T960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#
V
2PP-3



M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F,S0Y8E]F-&,U7S0X.&-?
M.3=E95\V.60Y,V,V.#,S-#(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S

M:&5E='
O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


]



]
T1T:#Y!

M($1E9FEC:70\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^5&]T

M;FEN9R!86QA;F-E+!!;6]U;G0@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
#PO=&0^#0H@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@.#4X
M+#`P


]

30R+#`P


]

N(#
Q+`R,#$P/]T9#X-









30V+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$T-BPP




]






]
M
T1N=6UP/C8W
BPP




]


]


]

]
T1P

C4L

C4L
#`P/'-P



2PP


@






]





]




]

\+W1D/@T*

]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#`P


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('!A




M;7`^
C8L



C8L



RPU
S








]
T1N=6T^
M*#DT
2PP



S$L
M(#(P

]
T1N


P-2PP


M9&EN9R!86QA;F-E+!3:&%R97
@870@1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3PO=&0^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#8R


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

30W+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$T-RPP


]








]


]


]
T1N
M=6T^*#0U+#`P


S8R+#`P





30T
M+#@T










M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S









]




M86QU92!V97-T:6YG(&]F(&]P=&EO;G




]
T1T

]


M





\+W1D

]


]


]


]









M
C
L


C
L



]


]
M


]





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S







M('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


]


]


]

]
M


]


]


]

2P@
C`Q



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#4V+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
C`L-#4Y+#`P



S$L(#(P





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#
S-#(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]



T1T;W`^3F5T


M





]


M

]
T1N=6UP/C$P-RPP
M





]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P







M;7`^
C8T+#`P



M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97


]

]
T1N=6T^*#4Y.2PP

S8Q+#`P

]
T1R93X-

S`U+#`P



]
M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#4X+#`P








34L




M

M:71I97


]





]
T1N=6T^*#
U-BPP
#`I/'-P86X^




]


]




T1T;W`^4')O8V5E
M9'


C4L
#`P/'-P









]


]
T1N=6T^*#(R+#`P

]


]
T1N=6T^*#4T+#`P

]
T1R93X-


]
T1N=6T^*#0S+#`P

]
M


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
L-#`T+#`P


]

@;VX@9F]R;65R
M(&QI;F4@;V8@8W)E9&ET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#
T-RPP



]


]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6T^*#(R




T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8W)E
M87-E(AD96-R96%S92D@:6X@8V%S:#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





M9VX]






]


]

]







M:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97


]

M960@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]
T1N=6UP/C4T+#`P



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4U+#`P






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P
#QS


M8VEN9R!F965S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S










3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



]
M


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0P

#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M/&D^3F%T=7)E(&]F($]P97)A=&EO;G




M-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

30V.W
L#0I);F


#$L

30V.W
L($EN8RX@86YD

M:61A('1O($1E;&%W87)E+@T*5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7




30V.W



M.R!T=V\@4V]N;VUA(%-P87)K;&5R('-P87)K;&EN9R!J=6EC97



M
C`Q



#$R('1H92!C;VUP86YY(&EN











'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P









M5&EM97





M='


M='




@;V8@=6YC;VQL



M=6UP=&EO;G


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$P



M





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T(#`N


@=&AE(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&]F(&ET




M86YY(&)E8V]M97

30V
M.W

M97






T0G9F]N
M=#H@








#$R

2P@
M
C`Q
2!W87


T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W


M


M:6=H=#H@




'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97





M1#`@86QI9VX]


M




T0G9F]N


M
C


M)B

M+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`Q


M;W1T;VT[('=I9'1H.B`R


#L\


38P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P

Q-C`[

M;&]R.B!R9V(H
C

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP



M;&4]



M;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP=#L@=&5X=UA








M5&EM97

T0G9F]N




M(&%M;W5N=!O9B!T:&4@87-S970@;6%Y(&YO=!B92!R96-O=F5R86)L92X@

-FEN9&EC871I;VX@;V8@:6UP86ER;65N=P@;6%N86=E



@:7



'!T(#`N
M

#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS






T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E.R!P







#L@1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T
M:&5R)B


L

M8FIE8W0-G1O(&%N;G5A;!I;7!A:7)M96YT(')E=FEE=W

T0G9F]N=#H@


M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ


@86X@97-T:6UA=&4@;V8@9G5T=7)E






M8V]G;FEZ960@=&\@=W)I=&4@9&]W;B!T:&4@87-S970@=&\@:71S(&5S=&EM

@=V5R92!I9&5N=&EF

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P

T0G9F]N=#H@



#LF(S$V

38P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-4[('!A












M:W

#`-F%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#,Q+`R



@

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2X\+V9O




'!T(#`N

M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA



S$L(#(P
M



Q+`R,#$R('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9!A

@=VAO
M(&-O;7!R:7-E9`D-3@P+#`P,`H
C4E*2!A;F0@)#
T




'!T(#`N
C5I;CL@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@










@

M/B8C






M



T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M#0I#;VUP86YY('5S97




@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN
M9R!L979E;'

@=&\@9F%I





Q-3$[475O




3M);G!U='







M
2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P








M93H@.'!T)SX\8CX\:3Y#;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S/]I/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T

M97



'!T
M(#`N


@:6X@='=O(&-A=&5G;W)I97

M9V]O9'

@86YD('!A

L(&%S('=E;&P@87




@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F('!R;V1U8W1I
M;VX@86QL;V-A=&EO;G






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


M:6=N.B!T;W`G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-4G/CQF;VYT




M96YS97








T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E)SX\



M9'1H.B`Y


M

T0G9F]N









@;V8@87-S971S#0IA;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N








'!T

#L\+V9O



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M=#H@

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=&\@;W5R(&-U


M('=I=&AO=70@86X@;W)D97(@9G)O;2!T:&4@8W5S=&]M97(@86YD(&-R961I



M








M97
N(%1H97-E('-A;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV97

M+#
T-2PP

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97







T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E.R!P






T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6








@86YT:61I;'5T:79E

'!T(#`N



Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H-


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


#L\+V9O;G0^
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M

#L\




M



T0G

T0G



T0G

S@L
C

G!T)SX\9F]N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3

Q-RPR-3




6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M;&4]


M
6QE/3-$


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

S@L
C




#L\+V9O;G0^

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

Q.2PR



T0G


M


M.'!T)SXF(S$V






T0G

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M0FQA8VL@


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C





38P.SPO

2PR.#4L
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T




M.'!T)SXF(S$V



Q






T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E)SX\9F]N



M.B`Y



T0G9F]N
M=#H@




M
T0G9F]N=#H@



3$L
#`P(&%N

2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


'!T(#`@

M



M9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

Q








@
M86YD(&YO;BUE;7!L;WEE97




@9F]R('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!A;F0@


M87)D(A&05-*2!!4T
@5&]P:6









T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P













'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

T0G9F]N=#H@




:6%B:6QI





'!T(#`N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


'!T(#`N


M=&AE($9!4T(@*&EN8VQU9&EN9R!I='







M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


3






T0G=VED=&@Z(#0E.R!P861D


M;&4]











S$L(#(P
3$L('1H


M
30V.W



C`Q

M97


S0Y8E]F-&
U
M7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

]






]

T0G9F]N=#H@


M5&EM97



M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0P



'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`S




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

S@L
C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SY287<@36%T97)I86QS(&%N9!0




#`\

Q-C`[









\+V9O



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H


#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T



M






T0G




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@

M)SXF(S$V

M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!;&%C:R`R+C5P=!D;W5B






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


F4Z(#AP=<^-BPP.3DL


M

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M)B


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F
M-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

RX@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M


]


M;CH@



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L







Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED)SX\

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M97(-B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

#L@=&5X

C`Q


Q-C`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T('-O;&ED

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L@

C`Q






M.B`Q



T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E









38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M-S
W+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L


M(S$V


38P

#PO9F]N

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C








M;&4]
6QE/3-$)W1E

M)SXF(S$V









M;&4]



T0G=&5X

M;&4]


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V



#`\+V9O;G0^


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M


F4Z(#AP=<^)B

M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M-S
L









T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@


M)SXH
BPS-3$L


M.'!T)SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$




M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@

M




M


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@




RPU
3(L


38P.SPO

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W87
@)#8Q
BPP
M


T0G9F]N=#H@




M(0S,#DL,#`P(&%N9`D
CDT+#`P


@)#$T.2PP









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

]




]

M9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F0@3F%M97










M:6YU97

L('1H97-E#0II;G1A;F=I

F%T:6]N

'!T(#`N












M.'!T)SXF(S$V



T0G9F]N=#H@



M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@





M/B8C

B!S='EL


'!T(#`[



T0G9F]N=#H@

2XV


T0G




M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




3

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





T0G9F]N

T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)W=I

T0G9F]N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T




C8L
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXI/]F;VYT




'0M


S@I




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
6QE/3-$)V)O<F1E<BUB

#`\+V9O;G0^

M)B




M)SXX-2PP


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


'!T(#`N

M:7IA=&EO;@T*97AP96YS92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R
M(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

BPP


'!T(#`N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T(#`N

M;W)T:7IA=&EO;@T*;V8@9&5F97)R960@9FEN86YC:6YG(&9E97
@:7
@87
@

3H\+V9O


M)SXF(S$V


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


S@L
C

M-6EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

T0G9F]N

T0G=VED

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

XR-6EN)SX\9F]N=!S

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\






M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
M,C,X+#(S.PR


F4Z(#AP=<^)B
Q


#L\


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,XR
M-6EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

T0G9F]N






#L\+V9O;G0^


6QE



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@0FQA8VL@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#
S-#(O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]



]

]
T1T97AT

]

]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A





3T
@9F%L;'

M)#$P

RXU(&UI
M;&QI;VXL(&%N9!O;B`\+V9O;G0^36%Y(#$Q+`R



L
#`P+#`P
!T;R`D-PP
#`L

RPP


C
T/]F;VYT/BPP,#`-F]F(&%V86EL

Q


30V.W
@87-S971S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'-P


S0Y
M8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M;G1E;G0]


M



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]


]

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

38P.SPO9F]N





3$\+V9O;G0^


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(S$V



BPX
M-S0L


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

C$E.R!T97AT



M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

7!T)SX\9F]N




Q





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



38P

38P.SPO9F]N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O


BPS
3@L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/CQF



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\



T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



C`X+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\


T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M='1O;3H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T




M87





M;7

M=&EO;B!O9B!A('-A;&4[('1H97)E9F]R92P@=&AE('1R86YS86-T:6]N(&AA


L
#4V+#`P





34P+#`P
M



38P.SPO






M=&AE(#0P

M;PT*)#(N

2XS
M-B4@=&\@

34E('1O(#(N
C`E+B!4:&4@-#`P+#`P
`T*=V%R


PP,#`@9'5R:6YG(&)O=&@@;V8@=&AE
M('EE87)S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

@3F5W(%)O


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




@=6YD97(@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEN




T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E










M




M;W(Z(')G8B@R
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X


24G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M97

@3F5W


M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C




T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




3
T+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



C`Q-CPO

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M



S@I)SX-

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M;3H@

@3F5W(%)O

M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@







BPQ
M.#@L


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T

S@I)SX-B`@(`\=&0^/&9O

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L


M




M5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T
@T*



]

M:60]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S








@
3$N-B4L('=H
M:6-H('-H86QL(&YO=!B92!B96QO=R`Q-XX-24L(&ES('-E8W5R960@8GD@
M86QL(&]F('1H92!U;F5N8W5M8F5R960@87-S971S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P

T0G




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


7!T)SXF(S$V







S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-#@E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

T0G

C$E.R!T97AT

M/C4W-2PP

R4G
M/B8C



C@L














T0G


M+6)O='1O;3H@





SDY+#`P


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M



M;&EG871I;VYS('5N9&5R('1H92!T97)M(&QO86X@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
Z



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M


C`Q
SPO9F]N



M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




T0G=F5R

S@L
C





Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

#L\


M



M




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U
M7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

96%S97


]

96%S97


T1T;W`^.X@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G,@56YD97(@0V%P:71A
M;!
96%S97








T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L






T0G9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C



#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


M:61T:#H@


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

M=&0^)B

C`Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
M



M/B8C


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B

M.'!T)SXR.PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C


#`\+V9O


M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B
Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B


M
#4L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C



97-S.B!!;6]U

7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\





S@L
C
X+#(S.DG
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


#LF(S$V
#MP87EM96YT

M(S$V




S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V


M/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

M

M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M




M;VTZ(#(N-7!T)SXF(S$V










M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

]












M960@=&\@4V5R:65S)B


3`N
M








#$R('1H92!#;VUP86YY



2P@
C`Q
2!T

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L@

M;7!A;GDL(&]R(&EF('1H97)E(&ES(&$@8VAA;F=E(&]F(&-O;G1R;VP@979E








M#0IP;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H92!397)I97



-B0Q
M,XP


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG
M/B8C


M=&]C:R!D:79I9&5N9'



2P-
MC(P,3(L(#,V+#(Q,!S:&%R97


30T+#@T
!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%N9!I;B`R

M5&EM97

Q





M8CX\=3Y397)I97

M






M9!S=&]C:RX@07,@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3(@86YD(#(P,3$-G1H



M5&EM97

Q



M='






M(&9E97

3$L
#`P(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`G/B8C

@:&%V
M92!A(#4E('!R;RUR871A(&%N;G5A;`T*;F]N+6-U;75L871I=F4@9&EV:61E






M:&%V92!R96-E:79E9`T*=&AE(&9U;&P@;F]N+6-U;75L871I=F4@9&EV:61E
65A

M9'

@=V5R

3

M;6UO;B!S=&]C:RP@87

M97)E#0IC;VYV97)T960@:6YT;R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B!$

S$L(#(P

L
#`P(&]F#0ID
M:79I9&5N9'

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M
3`N





#L@





M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`T*
C`Q
BP@


L-CDQ('-H


@0B!P












@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




#`P
28C
M

#`F(S$V
#MS:&%R97
@875T:&]R

#$R(&%N9`Q,PX.#4L.#
S


M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M

@


RP@
C`Q

M;VQD(#



@


#`P+B!4

#`P+@T*3VX@
M36%R8V@@
C4L(#(P


M:6=H='

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


RPX-S




2XS
B!T;R`D

M(#







M


M/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#
S







]






]



#`E.R!B;W)D




M;&4]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






#`W

30W.U!L86YS)B
Q-#@[*2X-

M='1E92X@26YD:79I9'5A;'


M='






#`@
M86YD(#$L-3`P+#`P

M:69Y)SXF(S$V


#$R(&%N9`T*
C`Q
2P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9W)A;G1E9`Q,PP
M
#`@86YD(#0S-RPP

M('!R:6-E#0IO9B`D

2P@
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!W87
@)#$Q
BPP
M
#`@86YD(0R,3`L,#`P+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9!H87,-F)E96X@


2P@
C`Q


M97(@
B`M(#


#L@=&5X



C`Q
BP@

C`L





PP,#`@96UP;&]Y964-F]P=&EO;G



BXP-B!P

M9B`T
C`L



@)#4S
M+#`P
#L-F]F('=H:6-H(0T.PP,#`@=V%S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE
M('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,3$@86YD(0U+#`P

2P@
C`Q
BX@1'5R:6YG('1H90T*

M

M

M9B`D
S`L

S$L
M(#(P

S


6QE/3-$)V9O








M


#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@


M8V5M8F5R(#

T0G=F5R

38P.SPO

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT




#0L
M
C


24[('!A9&1I

3(N-W!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E('9O;&%T:6QI='D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\
M=&0^)B




M(#QT9#XF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@
M




I/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXS+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B

N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

S@L



M







M(#QT9#XF(S$V



@3F5W(%)O

2!A<R!O9B!$96-E

S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(&-H86YG97






M:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q



Q-C`[



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



#L@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


Q

S`E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#$Q



M97(@
S$L(#(P

M
34E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,34E.R!P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
M


M:'0G/B8C
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N



7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$Q

M8VLG/D=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-




M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N
M-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

2XT.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V

M9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B





M+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M



#`I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G
M/B8C


7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

S@L


2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B



3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P
M=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

2XX-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@

MB`@(`\=&0^)B





#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N

M86-K)SXD
2XP-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ(#%P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

38P.SPO


RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

38P.SPO



M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H

#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#

M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA





M
3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL











M+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE/@T*/'`@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E
'0M:6YD


#L@


M
30V.W

@



#L@





#`E

M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M)SX-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-
MB`@(`\=&0^)B

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT


M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C


#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<B<^/&9O;G0@



M/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS






#0L
C
X+#(U-2DG/@T*

M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#

Q-C`[


R4[('!A



38P


#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT

M)SXD

M.'!T)SY697-T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-


M*#(P-2PR-S8I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


6QE





6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#0L
C
X+#(U-2DG



M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/B8C




2P@
C`Q

C5P

S8\

M+6)O='1O;3H@






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



MF%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TP+C(U:6XG/B8C
M


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97





7!T.R!F


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED



T0S('-T


M













M:'1E9!!=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M(#%P=#L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M;&4]


T0G

38P

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M(#QT9#XF(S$V


C`E.R!P861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N
C5I;CL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S

#$@+2`D
2XY.3PO9F]N=#X\

T0G=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C
38P

M;&5F=#H@

#4\+V9O;G0^




M:#H@


M(#AP=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SXD




#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V

M

M
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N
6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G











#PO9F]N=#X\

M;&4]

M
6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C

M8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V





M;&4]

M
6EN.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.B`Q












C`Q




BP@
C`Q











C0L






M


M8V4@;V8@)#
N



3$L('1H





M='


@3F5W


Q+`R
M,#$R('1H97)E#0IW97)E(#4W-PV



M-#$V+#






M/3-$


6QE/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\
F4Z(#AP

M


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT






M93H@.'!T)SY);G1R:6YS:6

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#

7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M8FQA8VLG/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$P/]F;VYT




T0G





T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,30E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N
M-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

3%P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


M/'1D/B8C


M.3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@



Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\









RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT

M8VLG/B0R+C(U/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

38P.SPO=&0^

3%P=#L@
M=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ

M(#AP=#L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SY&;W)F96ET960@;W(@97AP:7)E9#PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



7!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\

M-XX-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P



3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ


M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


T0G








7!T.R!T97AT+6EN





M9#XF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M8FQA8VLG/D5X97)C:7-E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@



T0G

Q

M

M)B


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@





Q










M97(@
S$L(#(P



RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L




7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T.R!P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N

2PY
M
#8L


3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E
M;G0Z(TQ


M
7!T)SXF(S$V

Q-RPR-3

Q







M+6EN9&5N=#H@

Q


#$R

@)#4N-C@@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M







M(S$V







M96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q

T0G


M;W(Z(')G8B@R
#0L
C
X+#(U-2DG/@T*(`@(#QT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#





RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


C4E.R!P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&4]

#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#,N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\



RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT('-T






M(#QT9#XF(S$V



M(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M/B8C







M9'5R:6YG(#(P
3$@=V%S(0P(&%N9`D
XY.!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M


M












7!T.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

S@L


T0G=VED=&@Z(#

24G/B8C
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M969T.B`U+C1P=#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


S(E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R



M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G

BXR-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9#XF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF;VYT


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF

BXW-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,7!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/CQF




M86-K(#(N


S$W+#(U
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/B8C


M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED
M.3-C-C@S

O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\


]


]

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T






M;W5N='

38N-2!M:6QL


#

3@N($=I=F5N('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)B

@;6]R92!L
M:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0-G1H870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@=VEL;!N;W0@8F4@

@8F5N969I

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@



M86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P






M:71I;VXN(%1H92!T87@@8F5N969I='

M9!B92!M96%S=7)E9!B87-E9!O;B!T:&4@;&%R9V5S=!B96YE9FET('1H


M;'1I97



M
2P@
C`Q
@T*86YD(#(P



'!T(#`@
'!T(#`N
FEN.R!T


@;VX@=6YC97)T



M('EE87)S(#(P

T0G9F]N=#H@


@

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

'!T(#`N




38P.W=I;&P@


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V



30V.W

T1C


M=&@Z(#8P)3L@9F]N=#H@






38P.SPO9F]N




M





M8G(@+SXR


S@L
C
X+#(S
M.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


Q










T0G9F]N




#`L

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M
3


34P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@




M=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N




F4Z(#AP
M=<^*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M


M



T0G

M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@

M8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M

#L\


6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M

T0G9F]N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^


'!T(#`N


M;R!T:&4@52Y3+B8C

Z

T0G9F]N=#H@


M)B





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M.'!T)SXF(S$V
F4Z(#AP=<^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D/CQF;VYT


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@
M.'!T)SXF(S$V






M(S$V





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

S@L
C
F4Z(#AP=<^1F5D

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
3


M

M93H@.'!T)SXI)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4G

#L\+V9O;G0^

Q-C`[

T



'!T)SX\



M.'!T)SXF(S$V






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T



'!T)SX\+W1D/CQT9#X\




T0G


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N






#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@


M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@









S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M='1O;3H@







T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$U



T0G


M+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R+U=O



T0G




M/3-$



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
M

]

M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







@3F5W

'!E

@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M#0HR

C
W+#`P

'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M
'!T(#`N

@=6YD97(@=&AE


M97















S@I)SX-B`@(`\=&0@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N






38P.SPO9F]N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O

F4Z(#AP=<^)B


#L\+V9O;G0^




M;W(Z(')G8B@R
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
F4Z(#AP=<^)B




S@L








F4Z(#AP=<^)B

S@I)SX-B`@(`\


T0G9F]N






#L\+V9O;G0^




M;&4]

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


F4Z(#AP=<^-S<T+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




M-6EN.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




'!T(#`N

M





M(&-L875S97

M92!#;VUP86YY)B



@=V]U;&0@8F4@9'5E('1O('1H92!C

@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L('1H





M-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]
T1T



T1T;W`^





RX@3&5G86P@4')O8V5E9&EN9W
\




M;W-S97

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




#`V+B!4:&5S92!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET





3(L(#(P
M
#8L('=E(&UA9&4@82!R97-C:7-S:6]N(&]F9F5R#0IT;R!A;&P@:&]L9&5R



C`P

B!O
M9B!T:&4@;V9F97)E97
@=&\@=&AE(&5X=&5N=!O9B`R.PT


#`L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!S=&%T







@9&\@;F]T('!R;W9I9&4@=&AA=`T*

M)B











M;&%I;7

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M960-G=I=&@@8V5R=&%I;G1Y+!W92!B96QI979E('1H870@=&AE(&9I;F%L


M97)A=&EO;G

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?
M-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T

C`N:'1M





$5


]




]
M


#`X



@:6YT97)N871I;VYA
M;&QY+B!4:&4@86=R965M96YT(&ES(&)E='=E96X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86YD



3`E(&]F('1H92!D969I;F5D('-A;&5S(&]F


2P@
C`Q

M9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#
S-#(O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



T1T;W`^

M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M#0I*86YU87)Y(#$L(#(P
3

C`L(#(P
3
L($-O


@8F5T=V5E;B`D
XX-B!A;F0@)#(N,#(L(&%N9!R96-E:79E9`T*

@;V8@)#
P+#`P
!A;F0@:7-S=65D(#0W+#@V-R!S:&%R97,@
M;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B!/;B!*86YU87)Y(#(S+`R
#$S('1H92!#;VUP

BPP




M





Q.2PR


M9R`T-2PV

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('1O('1H92!397)I
M97

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97



@3F5W




@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]N


68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E
M7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T






]





3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]

]



]

]


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY2965D)B



M($]R:6=I;F%L($)E=F5R86=E#0I#;W)P;W)A=&EO;B!T;R!2965D)B
Q-#8[



30V.W
@




@;V8@)B
Q-C`[9VEN9V5R(&-A;F1I97
@*&-R


@:6YT;R!I='
@;F5W(%I%4D\@;&EN

@:V]M8G5C:&$@;&EN92!W:71H(&9O






M;G






M='

N(%1H

@:6YC;'5D90T*97-T:6UA



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



@=')A9&4@86-C;W5N='
@




M(&]F('!O=&5N=&EA;!B860@9&5B=',L(&)A9!D96)T(&-H87)G97
@87)E


@3F5W


M92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@86YD(')E='5R;G


M=F%B;&5S(&%R92!C:&%R9V5D(&]F9B!A9V%I;G-T('1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@











T0G9F]N=#H@



6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@




T0G9F]N=#H@


Q



7!E/]U/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T

-B`@
M(!O9B!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+W4^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T



T0G=F5R

M=#H@

R4[







M9RUR:6=H=#H@
6QE/3-$)V)A8VMG

T0G=F5R=&EC





M;&4]






M;&4]

M



M






38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`P+CAP

M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P




M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J










3(@86YD(#(P


]



'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N


#L@1V]O9'=I;&P@86YD($]T:&5R)B
Q-#@[+@T*26YT86YG:6)L



M=VAI8V@@:&%V92!F:6YI=&4@;&EV97
L(&%R92!A;6]R=&EZ960@;VX@82!S

M:7)M96YT(')E=FEE=W

T0G9F]N
M=#H@










@:6YD:6-A=&4@=&AE(&-A




@:7


@97-T:6UA=&5D


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


M;R`D
C4P+#`P

2P@
C`Q
BX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD-


M8V5S('=I=&@@:&EG:!Q=6%L:71Y(&9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T:71U=&EO;G
N


T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L

M
S$L(#(P

#MT=V\@8W5S=&]M97)S

S`E(&%N9`Q,4@

M87(-F5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
&EM
M871E;'D@,C@E(&%N9`Q

@:6X@96ET:&5R('EE87(N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


PP,#`@
M*#(U)2D@86YD(0S-#`L

M-C0L
#`P(@Q-24I+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&]F#0II='
@=&]T86P@86-C
M;W5N='


@



]


]


M:7

M='




M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`N,C5I;CL@=&5X=UA


M


@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SY


M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97









]

]
T1T








]
T1P

M;CH@










@9&5F













M96EV86)L90T*:7

@






BPS-#4L
#`P(&%N9`D,2PT-C,L,#`P+!R97-P96-T

M86QI9VX]

@4&5R(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

@



-F)Y('1H92!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&YU;6)E

@=&AE(&YU;6)E

@=&AA=!W;W5L9!H879E





T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#`@




2PP
#`@




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

'!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y


M86-C;W5N='

@
M5&]P:6


@9F]R('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!A;F0@

@5&]P:6
@-S$X('=H97)E
M87
@=&AE('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!S=&]C:R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@:7
@8F%S




]
T1R;SX-

M8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@=&\@96YA8FQE('5S

@9FEN

3$M


3
N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97
@


M;G

'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M8VQU9&EN9R!I='


M('-T871E;65N='

]

]



'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



P-RPP
M



2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S

M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C
M-C@S

O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S









34E
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3$U




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT
M.B`P+CAP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


M.B`Q

Y


2XV

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M=#H@


M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

T0G


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]


M(#$N-G!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97



M9&EN9RUR:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M
M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`Q+C9P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[('1E

3$U



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!P861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.B`Q
M+C9P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9RUR:6=H=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

]
M

M







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


S$W+#(U
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+S$Q
M-24@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\


M



M=#H@





T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=H=#H@

34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


34E.R!T97AT

#`\+V9O;G0^

34E
M)SXF(S$V


34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97
@


Q-C`[


68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS
M8S8X
S
T


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


\+W-T


T1T;W`^26YV96YT

L(%-E

2!I<R!V86QU960@870@=&AE(&QO=V5R#0IO9B!C;W-T(AF




#`E


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C;VQS


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`N.'!T(#`@,#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXR

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M

2P\

`P+CAP=`P

C`Q



S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@-#@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V





T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

RPU
S@L

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


BPR-S`L

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

C
X+#(S

M
34E)SXF(S$V




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN


34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H

#DY+#`P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U
M7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

RX@4')O

]








]




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E
M)SXF(S$V

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P(#`N.'!T(#`@,#L@=&5X=UA;&EG






C`Q

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

@3F5W

M.B!C96YT97(G/C(P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#0X





M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

3$U

C$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E.R!T97AT

W+#`P
#PO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R
M9V(H
C

34E(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M+S$Q-24@5&EM97

#`\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C

34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


34E.R!T97AT

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

3$U)3L@=&5X

34E
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PP
#`\+V9O

S@I

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


S4Q+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




Y+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


34E)SXF(S$V
M


RPT
C(L
M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


L-3$R+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E
M95\V.60Y
V
V.#

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
T1R






M.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

Q+#PO


#$R/]P/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@




C`Q




S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-#@E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



#PO

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

C$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

M:'0G/B@U
PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@

M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;VTZ(&)L86-K(#(N



]






@96YD:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M

M(&)L86-K(#%P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/EEE87(\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[



3AP=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

B4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

3$U)3L@=&5X

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
M.B!R9V(H
C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

BPP
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN



T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X
M8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T




M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3(@

S$L(#(P






]
T1T97AT/CQP


`Q.'!T(#`@,#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@





M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
M

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF
M(S$V




R4[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXR+#@W-PP,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V

CDX+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

34E


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q

34E)SXI/]T9#X-B`@

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT)SXH-S$L,#`P/]T

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BD\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

S@L
C

M:6=H=#H@



3$U)3L@=&5X

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L
M93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B0\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

C0W+#`P
#PO=&0^



M;W)M86P@5&EM97


M8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`R

BPX-S0L

M:6=A=&EO;G






S-P=#L@
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/EEE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M)B

M+6QE9G0Z(#

34E)SXR
#$S/]T9#X-B`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E.R!T97AT

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



S-P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P
30\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G

W!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

C`Q-3PO


M)B

M.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

38Q+#`P


34E)SXR
#$W

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG

#`P/]T9#X-B`@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


34E)SXF
M(S$V

BPQ.#@L

M


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



BPX-S0L
#`P


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F,S0Y8E]F-&,U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V
M.60Y,V,V.#,S-#(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q
M9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S

O








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

M



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97(G/C(P

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


C`Q
3PO

R4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M)W=I9'1H.B`R
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R

M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M



M9VAT.B`Q

M:6=H=#H@



3$U)3L@=&5X





T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG

#`P/]T9#X-B`@


]
M






T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#

34E)SY996%R

34E
M)SXF(S$V


38P.SPO

M/B8C

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXD/]T9#X-B`@

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



S-P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@

#`\+W1D/@T*



S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q




S0Y
M8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M;G1E;G0]


M






#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




M97

M




B!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/EEE87)S)B
Q-C`[16YD:6YG)B
Q-C`[
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M=#H@


M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
M,C,X+#(S.PR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


#PO


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M



M
7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E.R!T97AT+6%L

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7


34E)SXR


34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

C`U+#`P
#PO=&0^#0H@

M


M=#H@






M(')G8B@R
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

38P.R8C
38P.W!A

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#H@






M.B`Q

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V
M.#


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M
3`N(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G

M


#$R/&)R


M8V@@;W!T:6]N(&%W87)D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@




6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M

#L\


6QE/3-$)V9O


M;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C





3

M=#H@

M;&4]

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([

3(N-W!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I







M/B8C
34Q.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I



S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!P












38P

XY)3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUL969T
M.B`Q

P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

S@L
C
X
F4Z(#AP=<^



Q-C`[


7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



]



`Q.'!T(#`@,#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(&-H86YG97

@

L



34E.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SY3:&%R97,\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+VYO

M(#`@



M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/E=E:6=H


M;CH@



@3F5W

RXW-7!T.R!T

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


RXW-7!T.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/D%G9W)E

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M.B`Q

M8V5M8F5R(#

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


#`\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
34E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#
N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[

M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34E.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M(#



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

34E.R!T97AT


M;&4]

34E
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/C0S-RPP
#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M.B`Q

RXW-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E.R!T

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O
M;&]R.B!R9V(H
C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M9VAT)SXF(S$V




7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T)SY&;W)F96ET960@;W(@


34E.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B@Q
#4L

N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q




M.B`Q
34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97(G/B8C



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



RXW-7!T.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXQ+#$W,BPP
M,#`\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M=&5R)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[('1E


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


N-S5P=#L@;&EN92UH


34E)SXF(S$V
M





M96YT.B`M

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

S-D\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


38V+#8V-BD\+W1D/@T*



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

RXW-7!T
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M
S@L
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/D]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M+#`P

M(#





34E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97(G/C

M:6=H=#H@

BPV-C@L



M:6YD96YT.B`M


M)B

M;CH@8V5N=&5R)SXT
3$L


RXW-7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@=&5X

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4]

M+#@T-RPP

]

M:&%R97















38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T
M)SXF(S$V








M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M;&5F=#H@




3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT


#4L


3
E.R!T97AT


M

M




M)SXQ





'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V







M






Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUB;W1T




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;3H@





M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7



F4Z(#AP=<^
3DU+#@S-CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@


#L\+V9O;G0^

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




]


]

'!T


M1#`@86QI9VX]


M;VQL87!S93L@=VED=&@Z(#DP)3L@9F]N=#H@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U('-T


M

2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


F4Z(#AP=<^)B








M*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M


T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I


M;&4]

M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


S@L
C

2`M





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S)3L@8V]L;W(Z




M.'!T)SXF(S$V

M.'!T)SXD
2XP-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
B4[
M(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

R4[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@=&5X=UA
M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N,6EN)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

S
R+#@S
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

Q-C`[

R4[(&-O


M=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N

T0G9F]N




M




M)B









M
C




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@






M/B8C

M

M;&4]

M


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-


T0G

M(S$V

T0G=&5X

M;&4]


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

M8VL@


#L\



T0G




M+4%V97)A9V4@/&)R(\^4F5M86EN:6YG#0H@(`@/&)R(\^0V]N=')A8W1U
M86P@/&)R(\^5&5R;7
@*%EE87)S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS
M1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I
F4Z(#AP=<^06=G<F5G


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

S@L
C


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R)3L@8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#

#`Y+#`R.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

T0G

3




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S



M;&4]






SDV+#
T


#L\


38P.SPO9F]N






M.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#


2PP

M

Q-C`[





Q



#L\





#L\+V9O

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(')G8B@R
S@L
C

M=#H@
3%P=#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(TQ
7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M
2P@
C`Q


#L\+V9O;G0^


BPP


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS






RXW-7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+7-I

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!7


7!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*







Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T


#L\+V9O



T0G8V]L



T0G9F]N


Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUL969T

M






M;&4]




M-BXR-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M
T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE




38P

Q-RPR-3






T0G8V]L
M;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@

M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#

#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G

M
S$L(#(P






T0G8V]L;W(Z(&)L86-K.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z(#







Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D



'!T



M


'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!W:61T:#H@
M

#L\+V9O








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T0G



M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@=&5X=UI







'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M



N


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R
'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!T)SX\9F]N=!S


38P




M;CH@




M861D:6YG/3-$

M(&-O;'-P86X]
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T
M=&]M.B`Q<'0[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z(&)O;&0G/CQF







T0G8V]L

6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

S@L
C
X+#(S.DG
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&-O;&]R.B!B;&%C:SL@



L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
R)3L@=&5X=UA;&EG
M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9#X\







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M

3$W+#0X
#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!T97AT+6%L
6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F<M8F]T=&]M.B`Q

#L\+V9O

M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\






38P.SPO9F]N


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E<CL@<&%D9&EN9RUB
M;W1T;VTZ(#(N-7!T.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#4N-'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


T0G


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\+W1A8FQE



68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X
M8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T






]

T1)1#!%
48^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

]



M;64@5&%X97


]










T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!


2P@/&)R(\^,C`Q,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL



T0G=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!


2P@/&)R(\^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L




PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T)SX\


M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T





M

T0G




#L\+V9O

T0G9F]N






T0G




T0G

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M<VEZ93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

'!T)SX\




M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


#L\+V9O

M






M









6QE/3-$)V9O







38P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

S@L
C
X

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3




M)SXF(S$V







6QE




M;&4]


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@


M




M


#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N




#L\



M;3H@

M;&4]







S@L
M
C
X+#(S.DG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


7!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


6QE



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?
M-CED.3-C-C@S

O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]









'!T(#`N






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA
M8VL@







M/B8C

T0G=F5R=&EC

M
S@L
C
6QE


M


3@Q+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M93H@.'!T)SXF(S$V





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


3@V
M+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T


M=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!R9V(H
C
X+#(S.PR,S@I)SX-B`@


34\

M/B8C

Q

3
X+#`P
#PO9F]N





T0G






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@0FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED




S$L
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L








#`\+V9O






M
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T





]

T1)1#!%

@
M*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





M='




]
T1T97AT/C4M
M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E9E:&EC;&5S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^3V9F:6-E($5Q=6EP;65N=!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T97AT/C4M-R!Y



]


]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`V+#@W


]


]


]


]
T1R:#X-






3DL


]

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C8P-RPP

BPP


68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y
M-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T






]




@*$1E=&%I;'






]



S4L



M


M=&]P/E-A;&5S(&EN8V5N=&EV97


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#8S+#`P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
2PP


#`\






]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C4X





M


]







2XP


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0P+#`P



T1T;W`^4&5R

30N
M

M;7`^
34N


M4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#



M/3-$240P131#04


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPU
C0L

#`\

M/D9I;FES:&5D($=O;V1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPP.3DL
M


M-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M13%-04

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^








]
T1R



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E9E:&EC;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

C`L


S(P+#`P



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S`R
M+#`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^3V9F:6-E(&5Q=6EP;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

T+#`P

]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M
RPP


2PP



]
T1N=6T^*#$L-S
Y+#`P
M


]

L-#(R+#`P


M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?
M-CED.3-C-C@S


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M145$04







]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$R+#`P
#QS


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C
P.2PP


#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
30Y+#`P


T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED
M.3-C-C@S
S0R#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S
M-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$4U0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@



M;VYG/C0N($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R


T1T

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@.#`L





M


M9VX]





68S-#EB7V8T8S5?
M-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T





]

T1)1#!%
D=!0SX-B`@(`@





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#$L
M




M


T1T
M;W`^


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P/'-P


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-30L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#
S-#(O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





M9VX]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
CDL










]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
RPP.34L



]
T1T



]


M

]
M

]



T1T;W`^1FEN



]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S$X
M+#`P

]


]
T1N=6T^*#DP+#`P




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
BPR
#@L


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E-3%F
M
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#



M='`M97%U:78]

]



M;'
@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


M9R!/8FQI9V%T:6]N($1E=&%I;'


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V
2PP







]





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C
M-C@S

O4VAE970T-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


M1#(^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F,S0Y8E]F-&,U7S0X.&-?.3=E
M95\V.60Y,V,V.#,S-#(-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S

M='
O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

;V%N(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/CPO


T1T;W`^






]




T1T;W`^3&5S



Y.2PP



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

68S-#EB
M7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T







]

T1)1#!%-D5!0SX-



]

]



T1T;W`^
C`Q
SPO

#`P/'-P86X^


#$T

#0L
#`P/'-P86X^


#$U

#`P/'-P86X^


]

]

#QS

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y
M-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T




^


M1$E$






T1T



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.3(L
M




2PP
M


M=&]P/C(P

]
T1T97AT

]

30L
#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P-2PP




]
T1N=6UP/C
X+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C$V-RPP



Z($-U




T.6)?9C1C
M-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T
M


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1N=6UP/C$Y+#4P




T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

]
T1N=6UP






M
3`L.#@U+#@X


]

L


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
L
#`P/'-P




]
T1R;SX-


]

]
M


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2XQ

M86QI9VX]






]


]


#`L
#`P







3`L-#$Q/'-P



M

]


]
T1R93X-



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

]


]


]



]

M86QI9VX]






]
M

]






]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#`P





M86QI9VX]


3







]
T1R

C0S+#8Y



T1T

3

S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?
M.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M

3`N(%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\


]
T1T

]

]
T1R93X-






]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N





]

]
T1P









]








]



M(&-O;'-P86X]




]


]

M86QI9VX]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C$L








]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C0Q





]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
















M9VX]

M=&%N9&EN9RP@96YD:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






]

]
M







]

]
M











68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y
M-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T






]



@*$1E
M=&%I;'
@
BD@*%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G

]



T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@3W!T



]
T1R93X-





M9VX]


V/'-P86X^







]

]
T1R

@9F]R9F5I=&5D+!W96EG:'1E9!A=F5R86=E(&=R86YT






S0Y
M8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M;G1E;G0]


RD@*%-T;V-K($]P=&EO;G


]
M


T1T






]


]






]
M
T1T97AT/C

@.2!M;VYT:'
@



]

M1&YU;7`^(#$N




]
T1R93X-


]


BXP


@


]

M





]


]



]



M87)T7V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T
@T*0V]N





]

M


@*$1E=&%I;'

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]
M


]

M86QI9VX]

BPP


M
BPP
#DL






M

M;3XH
3$L


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$L



]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`V+#@W


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
Q-RPR-3






]
T1N=6UP

]
M















]


T1T




]


]


]



M=')A8W1U86P@=&5R;7





M9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6


]



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PY
#8L



M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
M
V
V.#







3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1P


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P


]



]


T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@






]


]

#`E/'-P


S0Y
M8E]F-&
U7S0X.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#

M;G1E;G0]


]



L



#$U/'-P86X^

BXR




]



BXW-R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


M1&YU;7`^
3$W+#0X

]
T1P


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO934Q9C
T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
M

O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





M;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

BPP




]

M(#$T-2PP



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@9W)A;G0@9&%T92!F86ER('9A



]





MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X
M.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#




T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

3$N($EN8V]M92!487@@*$1E=&%I;'

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1R



#`P+#`P









]

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N



T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
M
S0R#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S-#EB7V8T
M8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C







#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]



]





M/3-$;G5M/B@U
#`N





]

M;7`^
SDP




]



M7V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T
@T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L
C`P+#`P


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3(L-3`P+#`P

T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW
M965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+V4U
68S-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4U1$%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q,SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S








T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED
M.3-C-C@S
S0R#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V4U
68S
M-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T


M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P


@06YD($-O;G1I
M;F=E;F-I97



CDL

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E-3%F
S0Y8E]F-&
U7S0X
M.&-?.3=E95\V.60Y
V
V.#


T0G




M/3-$

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]




\+W1D


#`\

68S
M-#EB7V8T8S5?-#@X8U\Y-V5E7S8Y9#DS8S8X
S
T


M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T

M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#

M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H\+WAM;#X-BTM+2TM+3U?

T.6)?9C1C-5\T.#AC7SDW965?-CED.3-C-C@S
S0R

 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationNetOfValuationDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ObligationsUnderCapitalLeasesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_TermLoanTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_AggregateFutureObligationsUnderTermLoanTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantOutstandingToPurchaseCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantOutstandingToPurchaseCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantOutstandingToPurchaseCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantOutstandingToPurchaseCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WarrantsExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationYearOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationYearfive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongTermFinancialObligationYearThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockBasedCompensationTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNonvestedShareActivityTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_InformationAboutStockOptionsTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 90%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_FairValueOfEachWarrantTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationEmployeeStockPurchasePlanActivityTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_IncomeTaxesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CommitmentsAndContingenciesTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 40%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_IntangibleAssetsDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfOutstandingOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeOutstandingOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePriceBeginningBalance1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeNumberOfExercisableOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeExercisableOptionsWeightedAverageExercisePrice1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFinanceCostsNoncurrentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableOtherCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_AmortizationOfValuationDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionChangesInFairValueGainLoss1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_FairValueOfWarrantsIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IssuanceOfStockAndWarrantsForServicesOrClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PremiumsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsRecoveries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOrSaleOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityIncreaseAdditionalBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CashPaidDuringThePeriodForAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SeriesBPreferredStockConvertedToCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SeriesBPreferredStockConvertedToCommonStock1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SeriesBPreferredStockDividendPayableInCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PropertyAndEquipmentAcquiredThroughCapitalLeaseObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CommonStockIssuedForDeferredFinancingFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_IncomeTaxDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationBenefitOfNetOperatingLossCarryforward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFDICInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncentiveFeeAmountPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesFromCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfReceivablesFromCustomerToNetReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesFromCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_PercentageOfReceivablesFromCustomerToNetReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 70%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=background-color: rgb(238
238

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsPolicy'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterials'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_InventoryTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no
'+
				\n+'            formatted: <a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=opener.Show.toggle( window

height=650
status=0
resizable=yes
menubar=no
toolbar=no

 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 align=center style=width: 70%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=background-color: rgb(238
238

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=width: 100%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedAmortizationOfNoncurrentDeferredFinanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscountPremiumNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times




<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238



<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 40%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StatementsOfOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockDividendsAndOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LineOfCreditAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LineOfCredit1TextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_EstimatedUsefulLivesPolicyTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 11pt Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<font style=font: 8pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LegalProceedingsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LegalMattersAndContingenciesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_IncomeTaxDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_TermLoanAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_TermLoanTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ObligationsUnderCapitalLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ObligationsUnderCapitalLeasesTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockOptionsAndWarrantsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockOptionsAndWarrantsTextBlock'

    <td style=width: 4%; padding-right: 0.8pt; font: italic bold 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <td style=width: 95%; padding-right: 0.8pt; font: italic bold 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_RelatedPartyActivityDetailsNarrativeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_WeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_AggregateIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_IntangibleAssetsTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_DeferredFinancingFeesTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssuesExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServicesExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockLiquidationPreference'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStockStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesConverted1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_IntangibleAssetsDetailsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTradeNames'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionSharesApprovedForIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SaleOfCommonStockInPrivateOfferingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SaleOfCommonStockInPrivateOfferingShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExerciseOfWarrantsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExerciseOfWarrantsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_FairValueOfWarrantsIssuedForServices1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SeriesAndSeriesBPreferredStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesConversionOfUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExerciseOfWarrantsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExerciseOfWarrantsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_SeriesAndSeriesBPreferredStockDividend'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CommonStockIssuedUponConversionOfSeriesPreferredStockAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CommonStockIssuedUponConversionOfSeriesPreferredStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueConversionOfConvertibleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CommonStockPaidForSeriesPreferredStockDividendAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_CommonStockPaidForSeriesPreferredStockDividendShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_FairValueOfCommonStockIssuedForBonusesAndServicesAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_FairValueOfCommonStockIssuedForBonusesAndServicesShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExerciseOfStockOptionsAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_ExerciseOfStockOptionsShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 60%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 align=center style=border-collapse: collapse; width: 40%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationTablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_LongtermFinancingObligationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238

<tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(238
238
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_reed_AggregateFutureObligationsUnderFinancingObligationTableTextBlock'
<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 8pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 8pt Times New Roman
 Times
E\R,`E):A!4C;ZJ^_7942(J224JR
M:8F=MB.3`/;![H/%8@&2;__].'3(/9.*_?=CK'7W'
M83-W?Z[G:^WC=/;






JCHC9+
ME5/





M:III!+9J-I-@SS]2HI[

MU[X:;JY32?-3
]_/Q'`HW$V



MX4

MH$;J7%-N7[IG=



AQ7

W]B`6P[;D-FG

#=0$RDN@C7KY0
Z`]T5?1O`ZJ)*5AJVI4B==
M\QY9Q=

P/M2ATT_<9</

M6VQ##OG

1'0JR?H)@5%%2)H96*Q

7&97/7MQC/TM:F+KH6$F5C
M\D7/Q96-ST$NI


U8=
JI\R7[A




OE?+!


M`P?\4ZW-2M5HSD#=?2'S#ZG;(76@'IDT3W`)0MUQ'$*BZ:R!$)@\(/`'N):_


XN#

0IEX%P8/6I@E=W9H&)NCX%@Z%%$LE!L]L!


R*+()C
MK`6+42$LK0IA:3Z]UEY
E\C&=9R8`NYQ0P

M%8:LQ(/C$J%5

;OZ9W#/C
OS':7S3`:


M=6=F-Q8=*R35&19E9AF:B+);KX$B$+::.EPJC




D-JX2ZFIU.N]
WU@5[$N``I;SPG,VJUI?NXM<98@(:($@L+:Z1I%$%R-\)T40
Q+
MUQ)#]E&HE5#+2&4N
L241%)4'XU6:@%3!$JHM)6H!!:'G6P@D912
(KJX^@P

M0
E0_!.5/UA



URPC(?)6$%?3
)E]R_LN[W$+T]?!_@0XHFN!K\1C
MZ@M@?.^D]SH7O2KG7XYW

WL@-V)(W=W@


M.R;1KYTI'H0B(SGW3'J@5J=!'5#Q

MR.V


EWA[YV1LP$MTZ.@G?8Q9=
MZ)R\(0]4$2'[U-7Y11_?ITRPDD
?%%H9?RO






MAGQ$AT#:;7)&45F
A


M2;-JZF?Z@6)#.F@H/UMR#/R&!2..RWYHBZC@@#T$K!DQH*
'9/4\N!Z_#:BP


N;4`V




4'7UK0'MK2[@8

J&6Q$7IQ.LFEX%0!C4TJ22^

MTA^

MO`?^;7-E.0)?Z:Y+8C8'@RD0GUTIP!(LL.EO[.U$@0K&5CDD$Z*BC$HATQ

MV
#Q[7@)

M3F`-A#L2'GYU`M2?-G\JT,*_02:WE/'1\4J_;0?F9^B&'\97JMM:`C.G

+^Q
M=J5@/4^BSXM\-KK3T)CD#C_$1F`^A_6VKS\EA!,[M3Q<*^-ZV^+2\H=X%@Z\
M('D8,,E04`+'<-#)^!I




M2L!USY?N-+`-[@1#`NS%U8#I[*'P^P

Q]=RT^<-@VV:8$<@_IA@'3N^







\G
5MDJ$


Q.C;?2B24L\48I:X'7BP*K/M78+'3W


4*'SD5%2`@'`?71`?BA+^]&*@`B?$W2!JV\%+^(Q




BY%K\Y@4K2^S=.BUT5?V:%WQ!IFW%(\ZS75*(14Q)P-S


MV[N42.58F1--[M3(D]0B;QIMQ)Y;5L8?^[:/[1*B9TQ6@6+S'DN6YRN002
M9
F(=7


MY+\OM/$`LQMEO=
6^XS;]CT0.!$+)=(8

]T?`B-U3RL?2^7OF8DE/01N
MF,,*'[?]&@`;]G2`A%PM#:\'A-24J!Y52L%2L344471NR?5#P4#T9:A
H
MW&-()



MD^Y-FJ/8+;V%[HM!W\

ME



M#

ZD_





*6.)G%%'MLC'
MB6



@7WJM


M-0]&VI;\!-L#WMN\=XSX*)#
0J:+SP


E\^K&^49I%H3F]0BS5*?S*-'YCV
M138(&A/T]UC

?8N;J(83GAX_&V$+?I*
2Q[*?K!7I\S4,<B13WD8(LP;#1E\R;N4M#2WMP-]%
M34/1;`P;JQMN^!0E_\

MDBI\

L]
'Y!#E&0X/#)O\\TT3=(O
9CDI$)

P/B'11T_:\
GB#3ILJWW$03%BC2?]+

M:2['Y;#OP+A:$#S`V-!\=Y57J&.\1ED-DE#GY?7HK/:%Y%T:#\92VJX1JTQ\

H]Y=[K_A$

M@'/3@[Y3.\*.XH]'\=ILW%
K^!L[EG?2!##L76K`!L:7K26`?3DG1XE.=_E9
M#5ZZQO*S?F]W?M;5DHZ$
D&PKT-7TE9;3D.Y]*S(@40Z8L0:-.AAJX?M\EQ




`H?


M(AR6AR5.#--

MK$G.K0OPP



MK/UL]\G@NL`'0CG\3O2$_X8]X9577-IHZN#U&^6]X2Y




]]U





M7ZT


5E
MRRG@4-56M3ELP[#KE!`

JSRZ
4
*)+I%'


:A.[&CKMT!4G5:()K4W?8#B.\K4/;?]^K=0FMX*&X7:V,
M!<O++HLC`:S

M[^#1K5TAQZZY@S^(#Z9+$C[Q%-%A;Z15F$#2)0F?`06
U;93P*&2A$^HH4V)

BPP
Q336+$^]4EV4

PG^@U

X!.Y66OQ$)







?^.._O8DRI\1




7`.VAJ]9T/DJKUS&E
^VQX&8ONXK`!!_
M#U8#P+[

:U





E/Q7;U.SBG.R1J
ML5?;]UQ@_$L)3(C2%+`0#FT8AGK@Q\OQ5K2'(R;*






H.
VXM)P%SOS

MUL84MH4[$=Y.$7ZYN^Z#1*\(ZA3(JCI[@J)-A#4`57RIQ71G25M&AN12SO
MSIT\#G%J?2W



N7;TKGC*'._B;6_H26K=O?&=!7S.

M)1:VJN
W/)$,O+#O,(L9YR&L`!JDG;?X)X?!H3*^
MI@?/NSH_-SR<.6.63%QFO(4[4@#VQH@02:`,\=1#V-\\.+RDY%TVE
LQEN^
M1]98V*X'VZ7.Z[06@NE0OG8DM3:N95&F
:=_F=ZYHBS-\82GB_Z.A`$O=&?
M$=N)(





Q(0M





T**B=R
N;X@^LZ)K;4^94Z:-S$[D61WI75Q5M3]Y
MV5

3Q0KE\K[8#:7_)43
HVFV/:TD8W*!MK
M-


MJ`R


NQ
SBO6S2LY?
SH79:H`F$--F_H0#UY/'OU/:Z



M6)X$ID;PU^%S]

M;T8E&W#(\Z
YG`C@@^X8MN]28S+L@@:


MX





M\C=EH5O8+T%V2UCH[KUB.YC)P(=EV::8.36''WV/T2P6A\G17;;O@#*A.S3#




?=YW@V=B1@(Q'-RL).((A-@IF]UG
9DH7;(

MME9$I`D5B=]O_$:



()*$@8AWQ:.($*`/]O6G
M[8@!HPG$[9)HO?&D^J#MYLVPLCA%I'!^@-)\X@YSZ%X$(7DV;<([1#A)<#3


1G.GA28':)DC
M5P74TR!9
+VUWG26=#0$)'

M%U
$(Z.WK(0JO@?=!*$D]+34*=[#WG@ZSM1@$
;^]#(^S9N@2$[TE@N286*R





M;:43

=$'*9DX$UM%2&`]`)9H-=:73H:=/ZHTG<
MTQ9,::+TLC0?F:N;+.[QNZ-N24NI:!K`D%Q*)I+N/^DSUR`JJ;V+L=:EM)%


0$

MBWF`O[([M)QXSNHWD
!\`2&Z8MCA
ZKHF''1K;]3&R(S2!
)?+!X@H$GZ%OH

MVR7
[1OR$I0GV.)DV)M-LUQ91/6NG




MT[#YW$S\1`L^04*60((VL[%)R








8O


M4?&R**ZXQ3%YH$

M
`\I+G`6QHP?)=ZZ/J:ZDW1&U5?H
G&YQ62]`A$57#XB@TB5HQ@?O/=UFJ


MEI1N;E9EH28VU!U(JPZDT6:*\E5R(


M*W
0WSL*UO8UL(PC;!L5



MO




M+VU&TR'1^SS(X8:ZF1%`&_V)MZKQ18\?'

ASS03=-P?Y=\N



LOIAF;9X4QH/;X+PVH(@07#_'HWM(
^BW
QW+YRB^//
MP][2[($2++%1NT]#+PBM@@A=

YU

^7'(P5F1S^JN-8YC*E#Z=
M($GQ`^/SOX;#84\=3R(#P/#H8T/`C.UYDOB
@7

MJ-!A&QSH3;
FQ2!Y*2K$L@*8E)7X8

)
`ACUO#V@F
7R/-9/`340ZT%!B1G3*G';291[QZ$R#

M89IK`-LD1)

M8Q


M1H[*(B`6I-=QK7G.:

@X@V^%V\#USA`$CA.P*J8'0I\I_T


MI@T.'`Z.5XP-60N4;0DT0!
)
?XN&FLOCIK&(N)I1P^Z)TR?.Q]D)8Z57I!E


HOS0TB3$FM


I.O5&











!R#61

M5UEX`#_C)LZK)#RC

MNZY0=H.5=V







('[380(^'?_V-A6].BX

CF91KAEWH6;A+8C1QB+]E





MBT!PK;OW.RI)=XM0=3*

MWD=KX:#`!


MSSX2=6X3+@


XV`=V9
'*

)'W*Q8$%6EX;_CKR


MM=-W/UK!YW_5#0N[



O/Y[*`4_R@]G;UWR

GYA7QD77P

MZ?BNC0





MF0D38ZG$@!B!SIWA^%7S=`'&WX93#!3PR?$E
QO8PORO&C2R&9Y130+8QP
MWI0.DX
2SH]`P;CCS(V.



\L*S-W3]@P_F
MMN?9:_%9)M_.Q2?B4U81S41


=[BB;$WT%
M-W$IATD2;?=@!P9-/D?Y[8K;3ZU`43^*($:L&WD-KW6**BUB2+$KAAB#










U`




M3^U9RW`CW+

@9QZ`L?+==W2
9%$__]#9[WVT\X!%\;_NH8CH6
MP87#X8$+WMII'7
J#CZ05KGQ
O+YG)F;+$;AAR@5\P'XN1+H_?L\((#2-

MV!8!X-F$8&-=@




M&AR*-:0




MG[#(9B:M1''O&1





1&
M`[QSKZH^MX'JTDSQ-%LQK7/%#C&[[1QQO=L5-D9U:TR-;TA/-`&GZ&1R*;T\
M

MJ`'4'Q54FAP#2_ZH

&`177&'KSQ`K^)0G#%N%D7






@
=




?BH210$#:BDZETK@M?B?35H4%%C2ZCB_$X






M@$I

&&`T02TO8]Z@.`19%AF#\
MNNZ?-`,;S,CO6&@49$'$,@%V]+`.@3=JFV+
@FX.(9&:)
5E\BTKEO+9(C
M&-S-2/


HK1T




*M3N]A[






M*J\P/I:N?IV+7++I^JLE^@8+*D@ZIWEO#[ZUS[O


*!)
0X:L$@\R`:`97$KE.\T_&Z10C(]
M/X:]V.9C9IXK!CE'
&K(
_

MQ5L$TA9-@#?#OU:8PVR/WWH
R?J+8UOPXX)%8DI'Z:G47%+\1RN0`4$N62]


IIJ?#X?`^@:)]*(I`HB%^`6DI.UR*NY6Y
M/Y\NYIUH$HKD9I%VY[N

M9'E*K%-PE`]*IA!-=7H5&OIXW!_6#(&[4VANAZM\U]T?RHWM+-AKSERN/EY_


M;^6$WH_(V0V^26^/S+S@?T.T-['
M@;YR;U=Y

M8A!3:0#JV

M:6BZ-DP?FBZ6*`%!X7&!VF41#Y(2S(JW\%07YMH[#'(0O%9XB%P(%`12L@



UN=HM=9][GTE8A6E*)
M:NYUZP+W(7Z3X1XJ+YG\3_;H#)`]`0P'MD=@&\7NQ'['[]HRA\A1!YL1^3


B_BD'


^L

M4BYK'KQO7]_1-


M#




MQD_
0W)K0\UH&
=


.\L.Y:O?XM%+RNP\L#;J*'!Z.-T?IE
M


G@-6^+P*@11B5U*.%4S7Q_.4`JA=ERPQ+!W55D-E_:
M]TNK//&RF@(KU@5L


MV\26S/%WY(G##2[C$B07++5M0*MA`]JPF0U\E3-DW]F.0Y-AKB

\FZHWF*=<JPTM^



__&3KUG4UJ:4*52OMG;G7*V;-C+6]*R9W_]GV
MF/M%C`BI*;T][=V%UR_F$JHM44@P//_7?=$J[2O;/Z0]RNOC@&\)
-EM[6
MY?%1
P`M!42E'564]-H@^S;E7;LZ_)5T@J0576KUG?[]K+XK%3G+9=S14V3)
M4N!^M.P_D$-KLOVIU&+0QRN6A9H/)]*8&NS4F`'ZY8$'!6]2GK.V(X.98M

M;^=4B



M=X6!'6E'PVQQ8!
RL!JP6+_9#KI%2H?7CZK0'H.NGX^(@N`7





M


MJS
@FM@FO(828O.WF_XGP<]G3;H%VK
(@;\`7;3$@2FVB!;

MNVSU8;+P/9M.S@^3TJ^;FKU05I#F:I1^M.WDX\
GLYTR?+#=.]I[=ROM:+Y_
M1_

=%1LY+]WR1D4[@OWT9'P\?==W]KX;[


MV
1_W9N2(_XJP_ACM8K=$=G',K+<1@UQQ59`WW[_LO+`3*YB:=0UX<_2%
MY^LF5KYH%2NWIK]/WM=0H%


AY?S'UT%M*RA(I




MT6Q0'7@W3!5XGVSEE(=?KOR[WS74^Y!H3;ZYU\4CTZFKC&.:!EP_/Z;
M*Z;NXJ=7:]M/C/^NU+HW


M@]?
!DLWN]B;-]\8_LMV0AA/1Q--.XTC*-\P(\_`EP);C*@A_%O\;9749A!)

M9_:H?+77NM7C'_04'


`V+*6L&EM[256PPTQ3O
MGBE
8@N^CNA23
278J_HK[KK

#50%\F.Y&7P!V4#+2[QM]N92_




(^J

V
ML')D1R#^OZ;UQYT[L/
4'=E31(&*SAW8'7+G#BPFRS^!5.G\?L?W#JD]=7!`

[9BCL.6-X:E6YC7=<.8V_:Z7`FTLI)0*RL`F_B
M.^R














SEEI]Y]?SC.@/W#JFN?@*%





66-WC:/Z57?4:^YP9BJ!(Y/[5C'X8F*C
MD
-Y

V




M@15KIG5YV56*-&&W5N)+-74JRK)'LRU8;@?_;EC&VE]_8KK+ONA/].4;V[G6


!<$^28#


/^X%EMZ-38Y%?#_:&L'
84!YO=






M7S0-.B8LV(C!55[](S3



M@3.

M;@SG
G`&AWW<]=CN_Q!-3<Y+49*E5[ZK12
M4\`#Z_#C@W3&Z.[^:=[]SC(/[G4#4R@;N]2S[E)WE[H%`OVD#/-7H\&L-QR.
M3D-K5_N#[I)WE[PSTLL;Z9-);S*9G

QMWXM^


7=\8M!?Z`J%\H+M7]YF4]*1<KQ&;(-9D=`FOPI*

MQ@Y#Z2V_9AUZ=ERT($&EPT\J^0RUWFRXLVWL




[XL#BN^P-

M'.7
L3^C?;_0^I?#W;L^IH.E28YUGOLZMYW6/84;\KRG[J*U4-VS(^IXT#

M8[H=T^V8;IWXT3JF6SO3+5L!6;F4




6V'7XP39USS!!
M^!R)




U!F
MPYXV*-:.YNC[/UQGF*&6JS/
N#\J%


R]$_!TNJM8UU)CB58<3
M-=M'^YZMF..PY7?]YY7K



ME7_XKN\5MORBT)ZV^LL7HDJJV2@\C;S*[EH?ECF=HU/';3RZ8ZL6E:+;F.1#



M9*+!Z
!=VW)QED(1?$;#JW*W9'\.`;VK-6A:K?`('T%9E%&89*`B37$L5%8-

M@VA3Y][ZGNOIY$





0)8%?R[N

MJ#T%^(*'59UZTG1E_:&IO3!9[=PCH:EF\H[QIDTP7-M.QN;CU:A[RM1EO8


`JNPU

MB\&DOF[I]*;DH[6=U$2`;'VM?];=J0+SC4`P@[-VDP9.HX]WC7$(4&.D?\





\0-

@5VA_*
/P

M(I$'_9$0QX/^9!*7Q?S*Q=ZN
#VX^HJ.;8@5T&Y14UCK)%*M@'8EB^&`^JZD
M&?+N7WQ;W-LF&@3\5?)2KNTE
SF_\%W&!:ONNOY:;`@T^/#FK6RLGZ+WHH':
PF\8JH??THE=%_7<&KI$\24;<B7AM@'
.HR\\L)]2('#QM7

MR.Y\YTEY

M2`







(FAU1P\YTS&?5:U&GK;!4BT`Y3+E6SB
Z


52'G)8I`BW4/NHF+54=]F:S64OS`JK3HMH?


ZZ%6

M`V3&H^+

MXGEL.%U

MV[7KXQ04GE$8V+



MA0$`]3OF*(8%SU@66U`^RJ/AW=.&]^V!KX#+[$\%S:!+SR'4;`Z`KAS?[B

M'YI6B&S84\;S'9@Q*

Q-P#XP9:(K_SFG@=N'9<H!I'0(GZ+?.8Q?+6QA@)1O
M6-@^H:<`\5JVLO(=^(9#^'1`RF8IF(O%KZCV-1*P0W!Z2OO$_7U?`IJVAQ5
6[0)P
;A`V4D`%0PPV@R5GDLU?8

]DDI(*^#%Y@F]

8R5G(7-N#]C


M#&;I5D=2
!ZW^JO:VF)B.'EN`VNW
S7J;CV(BOQE;Z#EG?)X2GM[







M#61CF%CG`#.J213@'9O8+TF:@-*Y*DX#?25&]O!(JN-[?(DB7CQ4UR(TRL
5V68[@_+E8.@Y\0?UBAL8&3
MLI<NE0R*G<OW879RRBO=8,?1`_FCKWR#11RFN[[SI#P9S14
K@U`!J@G&I!

O]*C=`9C2H+R\:O:/])*P.G7O*D@Y#?WV[!3VG='V`[J'



X2O8=DI@VYT(@D^'%-1^
M


MOXT7@_[E#-MU(-\S'ICY1/X


*X.7!T0$4N8<RJI<W@


?SG

4[6=$*H'@C`5


UHV`#8
7'W6WJ@[U?+=F!3

MUMNN&QT@`?\$4W/F;*'[6

N
MY*
B_9UGWP=O
I^=RF1]^#8$\.EK@*K1`D%8
4B+06/@!UME5G.)RD6X7U
MQ%RQB+$U05?Q#=.PV

GC7WV
M
AM_4@#LK#
OA+[8?

H
MV&BSXM9K8A2/^V)`AV

MF_1&LR:Q?#BQ?_#[_*Z[SX4$^V5/4[L+W2R6QQ.M=SG(FT]UQ`O=(O$L8NP'


:6G3N^
M6WF=#N
'N'.5\B`MU'C!P!Z@!K/R0`'V'







$%`````@`.8!Y0AF_
M7%E.%```=A@!`!4`'`!R965D+3(P
3(Q
C



MEVY


BY<3*SM(]Q
MI/8OP;9L`'[T6`X&AP-]U^CQ5YF_
2)/31+5HZ[$\Z0_*G)JCBP*.S8G7`
M?GE``5JO4!?!XMQ$./XC:%%5HFP5(&$VR-!RX][C)8^=#ABTX$]\@\0VOCM





M&&
63_437#*^)7^5YY-T9LS7JY5+WF;+.7X(\))FQ+3H\+QPG4R8F]#';
ID


&E!Q*UG/]#%(B'H/!.R0=F8S^7*+8Q7X7

N].K

-I6]_[[&NI!#:[G-GX
RLP:(WF;4S
MM@Z/WJ2&SX\&O-JM7(!S0S*\$UFTF
O&]U!)0?/2&CRZVL^N.Q?A'#JM_H`6
MAE'W(:EVN@+)^Y!UM)VLHSYE/=I.UJ

^








MKT\LU-(8G\A=OMA;04)-`L/EQ!@N$(6M0TF)1SW+=QR?A4Y)B(EM-LZ.%6]\
M=Y



MQG(R%7\ZJ&HXI?_N]^*UN'ML?@O[2'D+V_E3B?S/?5P;U_22S24_KD@^OSN_
J#!?W&!!F3_0


U/KFTJSH?G=U
MZWZO*M\?/5'NCUY\.;_^/)X[DVOZB]G%W[_


MN+(K:55-9'8O'%RB)X(\[&XZDK*OB#+CTHIP%9(8_[?4
D07I
M9^3=_%*AG%-'H9?$-L.[$;VL@YU6DFL\'I5Z-)T[M.DE2E&U;@


J9R#J$)<JSY+:9@==R

ML'/O78%IJ4JL;2DKS^%%%LB_)-9T5@L9F&W!ZK%SOBN*?[[30]CM^]E2^2(4



X#F0;`B:Q@-VY
4O;!
7%G

M^IUWIBPB..1VEB70J0@


MO


:B[P`M+:/I21)(X2-8[XP*Q



43^Q%[R

M2BM@MUWH\N$+H\U?/HDLG;YS0V%AM9==LNEO6+=1A_1(ND@K0.D,MCPT1@8
M$:&.-IT!B6JN@;00D[HLKC90E&,6^_IFR!)PU7)7-01F;PD0TTLN_B2_
JP




3[EWKT9]ZX)$P:D5

MJ
)6G'MI\[IK.A/N7I#_C+Z&0?PHKWNW8[J+GK@=0UKGKNNI]6_DDKN7L)5I

MHN%L.E*5I'?R

72\#

MI[

/7VJ6?I!!E615X.#X82V
M%5P;F




#!=3'2`.KZ_Z35:4G22D

$MU:ZAYPQF-?+Z+\EL^=F87B*VZLO=9';


M&CKWO/DKZ=4G*Q1/:C?KZV%W6*T#OUE\PO?N@RG1;1
TM1HC7@V^E1]0C9$Y


%WM\U2^TE2E2E%,0%OI.]6,QNXTA^:QV
M9ISR\9AK0]OK7%!TI)7-CE

M]@/@O'@KCH9+W9IX%RN@%@QI74$
-

^-N8$(JS



$

M\^%PQPHCVQ_;'O;1UQT?[_SSO_[]WRSROY__8W?7NG21-_YB76!G=^A/\#^L
M:WN&OEB_(!\%=H2#?UB_V5Y
?X




ML3]&?HC&9[9'N_;N:$H+,,GKM4FLAL[(/WRA+7L;UZ
+E--(R9#EQ$&0Q'



MY1N:KQ;V)-&


;Q'JZ'M;336*M


`T3_



U[#UVY+]3\



M1;($DH!$J?4;$
1!S-




M$I`HM?X
8'XNY:RT7A?IDQ




\L=8,J*2E`
MXG*;UY_W5P0D%N6/C:8X;]FN




*U&45N@8/3G0$#5J+]GP0(_B*(QLGV8=J
!/KE;'


F\]8S\)*YX[,OH_V%!Y&H

DB%]8R94N:68$F%*%%_HZEXT4;V08XTO
M6DBX8SOB@Y5VOJ.H*
PS^P0C6FJ^##-/HEFSQY^1X@L@2^N@\+[P/9#VZ%=
T838P&01[\_H)2^(5\GJ
M.M-6102(E;H':;59296G-BMI]4ZSDA,!8J7N/0Z`E<$;APW)`A^MP
RCJ-0
M.#:@XAKWNA`RU

M



6W59`)U.N`V0!YBW[[Z3#:]G!3/=HU0D
M
AKP\ZGG'^2V8^3&?X

1R&'##J?*&(562\W6

U_-.J

MBO*8=F%6R\JJM060S@S9`]$LN-XJN)

BM2CRQ)236K

MP7;F(;


MNF50`J%3X




$GR3!+]YIX9)@B^63%LGQ?8GP9\?H`DM^4(9K9/?
TCU
MG
6:37S?@;3J

*Z
K7)E?+/_A8/S.(SP





('4Q4GT1
MW[?14/5=
'X=E(


1-I
M@#+`E51=)2&


M.=^9%W=(W1O;7\J2AJ;^[NNE@`C@G97*2E`L?\Y7T+!L]VX6K_%N%KMX97


MC()$Y''RKG66HT&*



`SCRG3-*W60JP)RB*B?%!
UFV&_RN974$-OBDI@

.&Z9P0??1&BUN#XD<L4!&U?HV`+F257K-H<IOHX
DBP0!:57K



MQ4N8D!03DO*Q0E)T#)!@`()ZKW9JJ1Z/HB*[4Z5P%.%S`(J//LL







M0R6;0[`U:MEPETJJ3;7U]J]D`FJ5#LK@?@PEJ]5T3GKSHKZ;H[#P6+_%J8
MMD:%6^\D4*.[[=_
;7\4Z*[DUS^*EE;I#E`?&TZ3M@)D\:+X.?:CP':BV/;H


OU

M%TEDU*UBI=`T5C9MN@=2[+J'L)76OKK*5;


M5V0+4R[@48%AP'Y==S7=4`^`MJEZ#6QJH+*2BP;J1J;8BI!TUU65W0(I\+&.



M

M
2=UXV).3%R
B8MAAYN)BS%Q
1\CJL'$Q9BX&!
78^)B3%R
GLM+61;8#N1N
MU3[C:@*P/%]=5D+!@BE



MKAP2:SM`8;2II93W7=T5K779(7W3


MSR%I
W




W?0N=+J^=J4SU\0)^'


4+I

M'X.O8

_*E\71.T%C$%VU?UWQYSO!0KD^3Y.\K_+L4/I+
C^J$?

\SJ+3=)S60VY/ZI.Q


M\@\_O




*UQ
WZ]D<PW3[4:-CE['=8

#!G\)\CQ(2R4
!C0N82!4KPN#


-E1YZ6ZT@[6HQA?=^5JHU[.2&#A%&$[@4_#W+&_4
M4AU#B`C=[A5EBO8WC$
J[P#1JL9O';N$$TT9&I=P]YSI74*'R+E+X!3D7$)+
P
M\S+E6G1(X6S6$:O63CG]G[WWLERG8??^X?U;






V[_Q.CT(6?[$Z3UP6D?/.'\/FLCXR47*B;J#CNF(D9`



?9&N?E*SW4*!=I1&?@-9VWCUXU04A&G[Q8V%*%U0&



\+%)).%I3&9R^WR?9II0F%
M+0
ZU_TN5'
(@!X1*2(-)-HB(F2XB(E?_P@8X%422BRIPEP8/`KL'OKM`@






MB!(JV
L(U:
`

B;H\/@:$P&`BUDYV




Z9:E$G
5;.X32ZH5[Z?55!.#P9-!DK*L$5=4$:I4=A;

*ES

T[C$%T2KZ#PM22O$9#E9C:C3ES#9T)OQG[





2ZV#GA%HTA_WSK=





MD4_!'[Z&27

8
3^69`$0OV5\N.#[
M5
'L.
'S.8+V^L;X%*&ZRFFOI(M&Q#8=.9S[0&C-C7&DI]2F!.-\E.IQ



M&?[((O;+5R!Q






M*ONL.B2UZ]SYC+-\XD]?L
64`C3E_!3P*[;)[B?5-A[SK(KW)6829B]\O7

MHKFNJD`5P!@TW&8H.3QASF2#H2'B#'#K44_`KHQH(S2[FKD%)[!9=\/R$A



M_(33#9;?


MH*93D=N^50P
7:N&I8$7#'3]C%/BDA
::ARMXC2F[IL^%9#3,OE=-EE9D)O
M*:9F`8,X,SVYU5K%Q6`7]/A@88];/9BN,CROV8S6:K6^#+UQ$_-
FZ9!@PP



MHHX-!FG)E*\.4!S$Z4N4B\L!


M)92PO+_@^.&1/D9^(MN7!WRY6=WC_&K)!82I4&@IPR4Z1YG71:V5`#!H'J/U

M_!GU(FAHRAF0
.:$Z`30KD%ML@A-Q?W+@N6-Q;A+@I3/01X@)X5%R`X$'\
M$8Z::*_++

V4X





M]%B7,SJ+^@JCF74V*I8'460!6S2#P4F6;(Z`PQ5H:T\#'B@H$E&U75:_4&
2FL7<WG
MKN''O0^8J:T8K=APZV-@%U&B1NH&MF7^)G]9#D^.&8``T%BD`'B!YS0H2U6
M=W(






O321*#?C;8=3X?264(;Z)3)EY

M@?+$


-&^:)(0/&.'QX`!B]AYEQ


M;!K\S_
2O]-\A';#K

OZ=_5UV#VS$ZO22




M00SX42V*[

F%]$VABLAJJ)
M)

WS+!V-Z


-NJT:KK

J.UKGG9D0!N&&$@UWRT[CS<H?KAW?SO7BPP



MK9

MJ])4C=IN@#A;W]8QO`C78J!@LE[0GV7Y&99'






N9V65;(SJ9=Z

3
]=$]-9`(
ML?.TQ*2U2FH@669(QAE'Y?8=FE#%_H.S'HEWW*CUXI
95%0P$'$7O.O7R3



MC


MJ:FFDJK3O5JE


MFAB&L_H.OY1';]6G4:D2XA.87P7Q+O(`P/S8P8#H3#MZC.!T=+;K%MV&:U


S

5W86@D`@]LQ6@^!V\A@J-U*



M!4JWQ-
X`XQ

4$B04WG*EV$@








TM
IU8R?#:6*;

MLMC8``#SS%:BYZPU3+8Q-N3`ME;&AFO\Y^V0L!6NEC[23L%ZRU?OC#6Z3$
M]EQ7S?@A2.KJ:K3$@#)@04KK[DI9H^[V&EEZ!TU)MIQ00B4''7H8;@TIM:G
MHQQSB%?Y\D



@QH
:)A@NBQ8[
U]N2:E=NB6-

T+Z*&%+@,LGPNB_VE1QBLR
MY\J`,B1R1*Q@EV`]G`@$.HUA`8GPN&BI8,!BCN\B#9)_(LI#6Z6F*&QSB
M^(DF9619:EXE9AOR.JU:8&-.KZ!2
8P-EH*\G:5:`M/0PH2E_:5^:
SIO`

]&VR$**2]BS'3[T[*C#C\
:!YG17FU
MO`T27)BM.%4


#G$E3&

ST&FYG+XG-C.A]\!8

A%Z=$C4+


;


M*R5UYJ@URK;.64+G'5
&RLFKZE7DT-QOJ]_Q)L_)OYB6YDY5Q^['59H9)7:`



MY`OX;




?0T%]

ML$ZE;KG$&R_8SQ)OUX80+_'&2H4SQ*8R13SQ-D

T9?4.S7'Z\N&1K0`4
M4`D]X$'9Q&SG$F$Y]V;G=97?T)68Q3V1M3Q/:XQQ9DN6%G;O`-]*@O$XF9

M




W93VG4A/D)9\3'I^#O67Z\

%!
M$5YG15RBATW`8NC(NN[^%2TQV5\&2?MK3,4R3(99OLYR06[3\E
6K[^)8YP

C]ISNZTKI2E4;T4X:\8+!KJ3WFFH)FJ*AC:\D6XS
M%-:8

!$YMPPQA4?
`?CCHJK?6^


6J6JJTHSA%*49=34W


QK
H8K1$WP?.GH
):JT:G=!)24&@RF=AMR[_.4R#C$T+$G#Q56`TC&!

M-I%:%@B

MM)

M?\Y?Y]/=NVJ#Q:V!Z^V2(%R%BL`0Z\2Q@4NHR/@H2&MM\^8EQ6:62.7JL0


VJNNFFN#C@A/9X8BS2\)VX;\
M4;JGTC)!.STT5UB:O+7U+NRYB8]SPZE7%;#.TVU-5Y@H$
8\P`-\BTQ37@5
M#6WLNI#ZN=

&(X'



86ZI4X10T@2&O$Z?S-J8TWM3:\((Q@O8:OP
M!C1/8M:I,5E%))`/L;QT807792T7+DYO\J(:3[WHRS/LV?RC^-@37XKAZ\V



MK:


MDJU'(?I=+5M%&N5EKLU2B-
99I2!O8G&2@*




RP-0LX





MX.BUOC19I-'VU%Y3S\U&@*\P!3/#9(L0-;=W+(Y665$GCMW%)`2L
SLK40(:




7+V&M;[DAG%WBA%8I2QPF`C6I8699RD_4?U#A$%
M$':X0&Y?%)I9W[WLL
W=W@H4G^E;S%XB:X-C5SM^9QOD

D)C


'N$SM
MH<O`*6#;D0,1N)R98Z#;ME7\`X-@)L4T=`B&M@Z`7H[8@ES-R!'9;&7L*


M0_6H?4%8H+(
G1U2N/Z55Y*O/\R0Q
)462XNFI1B5:&UJGIGY&[=]X_AF0[/
M`2?


M1?R/31PQCU_]@--0=LA@Q.ERF6MABAR
0C8P^RYS735(1`7#\`%*MC+0NA7B
M*RED_!1'.(V*OIVB7I.0PG
=.D5U'=7RHR`
\XUZHG98:UELUG%0/-HU1
7A
MM-ZR7G4#I%%R
'Y!KZ



M4.B8P$#/5%.=HPL;!EIE/LQ6*[+P8;^`!N
Y&3_62&R9`
!P8(`!!FL.Z`#L

M
@
VT-UE?3S6[S;?9V

AMTI\\YME5XM[E5)@;&G*HVTFPN%<OP

EY'0NGW.&%

MGH
\NB/M1&O`

M?C?!3#D+XISA;4$@M%JSR-S3ES4.Z?EHEA`QK&IU4
)TB$9D/5V\(K
MU
Y?QREZI1D2O@$T0*=R6C=Q\=M9CG'S.MG52EG\W;V=8E7-.-OT*OHHK
'K
MP-+A&*:D:$EH44Z(T)MF+
]U&#N'F6=9OL0QS2$@&([N/NONL-==(VX/A^?_




X@
M=&2I9
T



!
1&`9ILQSR*UT[2L[3ZH

IT4<

M&GYOGPXYM


MVA_(*)WML]2JMKLL
9GW24:OFQ88$T5AFB'A%_9O`R
:0E\XZLJ@T%%!1(%
M/=6T(*C^RPT&SIKX&P,K.K2^D,I*P-#2P@2#T/MM)!HPZ3V+39JO]8N7U)\







M6HC@:4


R=
`_*OJ^4-#K.'E!Y:5:O#XZPH

MP5V7VM4+CVKOAD/RS[N


;BTN^:*-]UDBIZ[ZBR4'((KH8%Q17*
M2H*R@/+^!!1D5VM


M7V*C0Q@#^72YQ&$9/^'6)GH)31\
QNF&O?7!=4Q-_1


/K^]?8N*
B@W





\*)K\X5L[!`C_8:\0OENS@


M-




SITFK#T5&]]


M4-YE8C)8W:/443PSXF9J++S


V:H
=ES(C

M=NI3H;4T/:YBBLI=$42-2S=@A\=#XK^$O#FB0[^
'OL#I-K!S`W3M35'XD
MU?\98!OOP6$4TY.%H*H:N4








M6AX*2

MK=JB./%F%'=#5-H2





Z1]SI76;292D?*V7-`*?B70`!




/$O$1??4#0D0$J_45&H)O=#G\)720

M96US1_QSGA5\P%CO5U@M+E)-GE[O@5+Y:-]+^K*X*'&]U?Z9=CSF0^/%9+!:
R$0T%Q+\^J&N+^^F;7MZUVVJUHNKZ,VH#MQ
MEV3F?5WEK0NN637MZ:D9+^+@/D[B
L8JP/)4@)I7H1P7T+(E]8W?CBJ:%H?9

J.E%






SWY-4E%
MC;YN^+ZA+^\ZK&#Z:1&&-*%649?/



UYI<+6\?L[RD[P%.\+W0-4J)`76`7L=A5VPY6&$S






M42







M5WW'CJ<X??[Z


M2&OSVS(0



MG46K0RDT9U%;RJN*H)OI\JZ(52S]Q%^B%,:PWT4)#1&\%`ZNH#H!V@[+)9
M3$?;036^K35%&VHJG4*XTH)%D),1E)_A868QKU5V7;0`5Z=3=57]5_H`QJ#
MOII_2%GJ\Z4.H;'-X'+(='2$/F3:'':*PTEZ,7B3)0FM,ZX)T]E!'#`3F&%


M
KHF3(T
(ALV
G8`PO[U^^[=+`D
Z/[I@OR+_+GY$_G_Z
:(_.7_`5!+`P04

N_^^__\S_\QHO_[V_\Z.!A=VL29_S(Z]V8'
M$W?A_=?HVEJ37T9?B4M\*_3\_QK];CD1^XUW:3O$'YUYZXU#0D+_D'SXE]')
MX<?9Z.``,.SOQ)U[_O?;R6[851AN?GG__NGIZ=#U'JTGS_\1',X\V'!W7N3/
MR&XLGY!Y\.?1AQ__^_C\Z/CDZ.CX\'E!.3BW0OK7XP]')^\_G+P__GA_]/F7
MHZ-?/IX`OQ):813LOO+A^4/ZOZ3[WQS;_?$+^[\'*R`CHD;_/(<V+^^R_#V

R/OMKW8*%7]CKY\^?(^_NNV::GE


ZH5Z_?LC^\I0-&:N.'8
MG5^XH1V^




$8/2!!SV_YR3T+(='1M0
M8633'![I8_$(X_7;&Y24Y+HX[7TB98MZ`^\MKKLRT.N&8#D.1&@^KC2U5U
M5

M.J
:KA\UQFKWY`+4#4YS+;1(







!SR7P2!!'QA5LQMP\0F\^HL`')P1Q`
MOWM.1$7HO\1)A($0F%);(`_(02$P[=!8S69P[=DX_GLW)LD-XIM5DX7(P_
M(X1%+`5SZ


AY

#$'
MDS/1)?T=;S

M0ZPG47PM*Q-HN'$8/M;XJJGO[ZSYV
XHA2#MG%1C+E+FE+^QHNE'I6I8NT
M9RT)#'*G$X)




MVZ7C/QD-$9+.$L_#HGN$A:O4^;\TV


!@/(I5_-$PYY4\MJ8]GS
)YYD3L#OKY\V?;

MG'E!&%Q[[BQ95?B3#M#/;!'#@PZSB0$AH1BN:IL`Z)ZU+YO5E6T]V(X=
M

28!XN56'@F%49JF$.

M+^S8#?


M!($#



5IQL47CWG
MW]K'+*$06@4;1TV0FUB4*Q+:
^LUAG57(.1$6!D]!^Y[O\Y%`P9H8@J5E1

A0



RR?^*?\]-H.1!




M8%
0`3K
@/:$L(?9A%5EC';$B5A78$M[793-2:F&`T(6J\9M/..S8F-Z*:

%]


V&4OD;


6Y
K:D_)\

MGCEM



M&:^=B5BHY?SF9F/DZLJX$S6^M&P_3N]__6YBV=+]9KLG'7$$#NQK-M0-)GTE
M


PYO8
MY1*O]EE^DI]#^\&AA[$9;2EX-K#AF'VH!-2*V%!K0**LU^0I_I


U;

M3!

%

^E6
M:B@J+``*S93:HT$!-.E*:B@J[;=+
3G335+:G:)5]4%H5)KPZ$Z4[E#;S1

7


E[J@;C64C/T/%[ZF(6ZPR$I4PW
M%\;/E534C@V

M


Z45@$VX8UX3DN%08P

M]PR`K)#L&;XW8W&FEU0
NQL\/RE1)XSIAG0TF]C:`!I/C4^L@&93-K:)'+PP

I%`\2-%




MV'XIR97M$G9


MX8;+J;&KU'0&?CLJH2ZPOGO58W;C0@+%BVV.2H@Z0%4`LRM.+I!]@%P`+AQ&




.%P;SV3(`Z'Y$0;05



ZF[

MCCUC=T0&RY3NJ-D2(RLV*NA@T$BJ`(T]:/$J]S+=]U0O3AW^%MQL2)/5C^6@
M9N=H&Z)#






MHMWE9FVJ\G9TF=Y6M#.II#S9Y
`N!WVLW/7CY4F/`?BSKY\V%F




)E






KB*




@LFC]N-+]&S[X`6D\/02ALIXO.E52F3F
MUL?#8
6\L4)YM0


MGU/*



MC?42KRR77@7Y\!6W_L!H:U^J+---Y8I@
O-*LU5/XY-R
0QAO3\M



5AQH88&N)S]-
S:3QWMA





AK
M;+B6`@0H
9\XL




S


+[7Y0ZX3\YQ-_+2PSA^=T[.I5%







MVI]


F'AK^JF.3/UQ\^!JA*
MCM^21\]YM-UEGD9A42M)'W2P\&M;23C!,4^R^]U.T^+:#=,H#*BIR+)_`$:(
MH_^*E=*0L!Q+*DB^98P5:2DGGJ^[STQS;


AQ?/


4
MTBX[SR@


MGB!S-A/BJD
^6=O16N2V5AC!Z*+7#

:DC(9

M7N_C`








5`.2YUD:CGMI$LT(&^S3U
^S!#ZM5G8R^_J4)\+T^D6;XE*:\`?H!

ESB;D=:HDYGWGKCN<QB%E2[D_3I%R35/.H
M[56@35@$C]






M0:#PFW3&U!.

^FQ:4%D..QA#B.QV=!P
M@O+&@.)KTGU32RRH$4U4\YH\Q7^JM=9F.D
Q-.GE41
$PFHI





)'!6],*GE2X:=XWI53R!;)&N6*`X\*YUM*#@O5;3.0(:=UA+H:TL&;(-

[-GL8
MQZT8/A?NO/]F3[IL





_:;F#/XLP0



?$T53
MMMNV/:@_)^2R&\FFP2I0X6::]Z#XFHQ71&ZTM[[*03:]+*86AUY#/$UF(K

MZT&V73
Y=6R\MH2?RGA&D]^:F;^=H3@8%AV0IF!5Z[F[[H]IH='@QG4_?E*^


M]K_(_#NU+OT

_3*YK`;,D*JO]R`LMF,D,-LA-9DN,RN:U)TLS,HD]242US!F+2^\N.($
M/I;C!#[6S:/_.`0*#($0Z``PJN+(5!@!08`@6&0(&&^I.N]<*;@4(;!(AU
M%1Y0X%S3T[;;_58L_EYXPXNL(#HFME.Z[4T]9UM<WC*=GC*5K]#5Z?:P9ZQ

S^WJ

+U[=


M]


M`!!Y&-MF^-Q^M.?$W;9O/:=9[=M]*5O9%0J(%*^.CU7$LI:[4\`'^U(Y4JN\




L_3H])I5
M?
YW^O`:]^#I






J@PF)IV-IH#$^&6X3&
RL$U%7G*-E?1#<62C!DUS





=*8S4X20;G;I
MP`+=/3
O4XHM0-7&HGW)97_]2KYA6Q=D0D^4





MC$@OXL`U=(
-`G9B*E$;F0*8B`B4+.%;H5-/9NL)522ZD
M6.^%?A^[-G2)R2O@T)8^6T$8^#'N@C(QXAT,NUUHUI'?E_U1KW;_L8O1\
MYK

5Y-'LKX[A/[0G078^K+


.DT@5/=*1..ND-;?$QGMP2
M





M(T9JI99`S\(['WX-23@#.HN3/OO*5\4`
SF@29+`K;X1&Z@EMMO92-+Y)G.1


CF-#


&Q*0S\P'
M(3V[=3W)SV:NATS<U5

M'=NU'Y
@:N:
M]W/I<F6A3RM?%//Y./%1<Q:=U4E%$TNMK(NB

4T
M

M314N)$^.
W9Q7XV


O

^C






MGLL.O.L1FQZP@C0
FKX8G@6H+E\AM+CL+JX*EPTK


M?EQ-/$B:AT=/D2.-YAK=(QNZ=M:J5*6UC3??(T1$?=Q@MX_=Y'CO\2*.K!A8










5AD

M?!X[HA


M9)%*DW&2AL

M@!7#C5?:YCT[5[50!/95QHJ?3M8,=)$])4&NHB^N:04:+Z2@.=KZ`'P2*`



#L
MCB]\@Z(0_]XFJL\KQC

%)Y+4+-5LV'KK4I(^LJ*ED+\(R[4+Y9:^EN

MZP#TI=^8;#DV*?HM\#KK%`SIY-N5.AWOEPSUY.*4&KT=5KNILB?7C(ZY&*

4

4````

C`Q
M
C$R


4

M
#$R
3(S

MK5!1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#
M%`````@`.8!Y0O[9P$T7$```%L8``!$`&````````0```*2!X78!`')E960M
M
C`Q
C$R

MK5!1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L%!@`````&
-``8`&@(``$.'`0``````
`
end











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000

000


        

000

000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During the year ended December 31
 2008
 the
Company entered into an agreement for the distribution of its products internationally. The agreement is between the Company and
a company controlled by two brothers of Christopher Reed
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company. The agreement remains in effect
until terminated by either party and requires the Company to pay 10% of the defined sales of the previous month. During the year
ended December 31
 2012
 the Company paid commissions on sales of $15
000
 and during the year ended December 31
 2011
 the Company
paid commissions on sales of $66
000.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













